My facebrain (the portion of my brain that controls the face) is un[der]developed because I sit alone in front of a [computer] screen too much. I want to start wearing wasdf so I can walk around and, I guess (otherwise I wouldn't have a point here), interact with people. But I do recall writing a few years back that I just want to be able to walk around in nature wearing wasdf, and something along the lines of "fuck socitey" (perhaps it was my fav(?) quote: life is beautiful, but society is fucking stupid).

A brain sitting at an empty "Computer Programming Environment IDE" pounding away at the keyboard is making art, yes, but is not absorbing [and reflecting upon] that much of [the chaotic] society/universe. The chaos pelting us occassionally with asteroids/bad-luck shapes/sculpts us, makes us stronger in the end, sort of like the carrot and the stick if it were implemented by someone with downs syndrome. Yea that's a good way to describe chaos: the carrot and the stick, but with a RNG filter attached, is what everyday life is like.

I've had written on my whiteboard for a few days now: "leverage" and a picture of a stick laying on top of a ball (with the ball being in the middle of the stick): sort of like a "see saw" child's toy. I'm mentioning this now because it ties into above paragraph.
We all live in a field where there's always a bunch of planks (like in that described picture) underneath our feet just waiting to be launched. like we could have 20 underneath us at a given time and any 1 of them can trigger at any point and sometimes seemingly (at the time) randomly (but usually there's an underlying reason). The 20 ends you step on to launch the 20 planks are controlled by 20 different people. So what I'm getting at is this: that's a metaphor for our modern day society and everyday life. It's business/politics/etc. People use practically every kind of leverage they can get their hands on. Things that seem trivial to you are gold to others. Indeed even their "attacks" using "leverage" needn't necessarily seem non-trivial: you might be more bewildered than troubled. "did [s]he just??..". Right but anyways the constant fear of every [metaphorical] footstep is unhealthy for the conscious mind. The fact that there are tangible consequences (when the footstep, translated out of the metaphor, is non-evil) is downright absurd. America the "home of the free"? horse shit. freedome is ambiguous so usually when the USA mentions "freedome" it's not freedom of existence [as long as your existence is non-evil], it's instead "freedom of speech" (except slander/libel) and "freedom of the press" and "freedom to vote for whoever you want" and Limited (aka: non-FREE) instances like that.


I want to become berzerker entranced in life and love and music bouncing around like a seemingly maniac (by today's standards). Parkour danzig adrenaline. Bouncing off the walls (or trees if I happen to be in the woods. but there can't be a fukken boundary :-/) literally flipping and shit. It's not so absurd and it certainly isn't evil... but honestly my judgement of today's era is that I would get either arrested (repeatedly, with exponentially increasing incarceration lengths) or shot (by police or other) or sent to the loony bin (probably won't have music/freedom there).


Our government/society being a "leverage" minefield 24/7/365/indefinitely is a consequence of our chaotic universe being a "ball + stick, with RNG filter" generator/simulator/universe-thingo. The RNG filter means people sometimes don't get back out what they put into life... so they because depressed/evil and start using the leverage THEY can step on to start influencing/fucking-with/controlling other people..... because hey, [seemingly] everybody else is doing it too (and hey, it is perfectly legal unfortunately).

If everyone weren't having such a bitch of a time trying to survive in this randomly-rewarding/punishing chaotic universe, they'd be happier and in turn wouldn't treat each other like shit.

I think it's a good idea for the human species to migrate away from a state (such as current) where [almost] everyone is treating [almost] everyone else like shit. I don't see any governments moving towards this, as it would probably mean less power for them, the governments.