We are all fuckin' each other over on the small scale on the large scale.

Explainations:

On the small scale: We usually fuck each other over in petty/small ways or for petty/small amounts. The business-politics of one office of one company/corporation are a good example of this: Those politics are of great importance to the employees themselves, but they are of little significance to the well-being of the entire human species (unless you factor in the "On the large scale" explaination).

On the large scale: These small-scale interactions happen so FREQUENTLY that it becomes a "large system of smaller systems". This small scale "fuckin' each other over" is happening more or less worldwide (if you know where it ain't happenin, pls let me know), and that makes it now "on the large scale"!


How is a species, born from chaos (carrot/stick environment with RNG filter attached), that has fallen down into species-wide depression (maybe some humans have been able to escape it, but your average humans do not) and contiously fucks each other over on the small scale on the large scale on a day to day basis (and this is life to people and they call it "business" and "the economy" and accept it as "normal" (after all, what the majority thinks is normal, IS normal)), supposed to transition out of that depressed state of most everyone fuckin most everyone over on the small scale on the large scale?

Honestly I have no clue but the knee-jerk/obvious (and almost cliche... but also extremely disappointing because slow as FUCK) solution is to say we just need to improve education and as intelligence levels gradually rise over the next few yea-.... millinium or two, that is, years.

I don't like that solution though, it's depressing because it basically says "there is no solution for you in this lifetime"... not until after you freeze yourself and though yourself out (assuming that works).

Man I want to take the fucking cop out: "Oh I can't solve it? sweet I can just ignore it and enjoy life :)". But I can't (yet).

Fuck this shit man I'm possibly throwing my life away trying to improve the state of the species.

It almost sounds like ANY attempt to improve the state of the species would NEVER be a waste, but that simply isn't true. If you accomplish nothing, you wasted your life and you only had one so ehhh sorry man wrong choice bro (too late though, you are dead).

It's pretty easy to convince yourself you're contributing to the improvement of the state of the species (and even easier to have a [would-be] employer convince YOU hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahaahahaahahahahahah bahahahahahahahahahaha no comment), but we're also talking on the scale of infinite/indefinite TIME here so even our most gigantic lifelong achievements could, using "Calculus", basically "approach zero" or become of such little value in the future that they are practically of no value. For an example of this, see my entire life's work :-D.