exceptionally perfect
context: tossed my plastic poop trowel over to it's "spot" and it landed right where I wanted it. so I coined that cheesy description of it's landing.


dominating presence
context: I turned the volume of my music down because I didn't want to get security/cops called on me (forget where I was, might have been a parking lot of wallyworld heh), but then I turned it back up some because I said to myself "I want to have a dominating presence". random/semi-ot-but-not-really: I think loitering around cabover campers/RVs is a "thing". people do it because then to cops they look like they are standing around THEIR OWN camper/rv. I've seriously had groups of like 10 chillin right outside my rv and yea it's kinda weird and they can hear me and don't give a fuck. in all honesty half the time I feel I could go out there and smoke a bowl with them and shoot the shit with them (but I don't). but anyways back to the 2 words "dominating presence". at first I was thinkin "hmm I have dominating presence", but now I'm thinkin "yea uhh pretty much everybody has dominating presence". we steal each others' attention. male or female. obviously camoflauged noobs are an exception. while walking a path/trail (for example), if nobody is around then we look at nature; but if someone is around, we almost always look at THEM (and them at US). I don't really know if there's any "utility" (usefulness) to chizeling out the 2 words "dominating presence", but it just looks neat by itself and you could say it to someone who's being dominating in general (there's plenty of overdominant male apes roaming about). Like you could say it in the "radical sarcastic" tone. "whoaaahhhh, gnarly duuuude, dominating presence man" -- that [sarcastic] tone, but only the 2 words "dominating presence". the stoner "gnarly" sarcasm tone. most frequently associated with the phrase "gnarly dude" (sarcastically). raise your eyebrows in a stoned manner and nod your head slightly/sarcastically when you say "dominating presence" (just like "gnarly dude").


peace is the soil best suited for growing love.
or you could word it: "love depends on peace", "love requires peace", or "love demands peace". love necessitates peace. blah so many ways to skin cats. semi-ot: love and hate are equal (intensity) but opposite forces (emotions, feelings). however they differ in another way as well: love attracts it's own kind (love) but repels it's opposite (hate), whereas hate repels both it's own kind (hate) and it's opposite (love). meh actually you know now that I think about it more I don't think "hate" matches the [absolute] intensity of love. love is way more intense/amplified/stronger. hate is usually shallow as fuck.