I'm still searching for my soul mate. I might have too high of standards. Still, one should never give up on the search for love! (especially not when that person plans on freezing themself and living indefinitely). Still, I want to have my cake and eat it too! I want to settle, damnit! Upon making that realization, suddenly there are plenty of girls that make the cut. Blah need to explain this contradiction more. I want love while I continue to look for love! "I want to have my cake and eat it too!". There's a part of me that very seriously considers the scenario where I've spent my entire life without love, looking for love, and so died without love -- a wasted life.

I want a girlfriend but I don't want a girlfriend. The grass is always greener on the other side. I want a girlfriend but I'm pretty sure that if I got one, I'd want to be single again. I'm just not ready to give another human my undivided attention. My computer projects take up too much time of my life (and supposedly my computer projects are just me trying to express myself, which is my mating call [of a big bang], to find... brace for it... love).

2 factors:
a) finding my soul mate might take a really long fucking time, and possibly won't even happen
b) my code projects take up a lot of my attention/time and I think I'd make a shit boyfriend (or father xD) -- unless I gave up on my code projects ofc but nah no thx not yet at least

so eh those 2 factors mix together and have slowly lead me to the idea of a menage a trois. from the very start there would be an understanding that I (or we) are still looking for love. (they call these poly relationships, but eh I don't want my polygon gettin too many sides ya know what I'm sayin?). the menage a trois should have a foundation of love, but not the "OMFG I LOVE YOU SO MUCH I WANT TO SPEND EVERY MOMENT WITH YOU AND HAVE TONS OF CHILDREN WITH YOU (soul mate love)" kind of love that I (we?) would still be looking for. That there are _2_ others aside from me means I can freely drift off into my own little [lonely] world of code WITHOUT THE GUILT of feeling like I am ignoring/neglecting my [only] girlfriend.

tl;dr: I want love but am so caught up in my software projects that I don't have the time required to make a traditional 1-on-1 relationship work. menage a trois means the other 2 still have each other when I'm balls deep "in the (code) zone" for hours (read:days) on end. but the best part is obvious: when not isolating myself in computer projects, I'd have love.

edit/elaboration: for the right girl, I'd throw my computer out the fucking window (although I don't think she'd want me to 100%). "settling" with 50% computa-tiem and 50%-love-teim (no that is not [necessarily just] sex but in fact emotional interaction) would be unfair if I was in a 1-on-1 relationship! 50% of a person's interest is not enough (which is why I said for the right girl I'd throw my computer out the window. really though I'd probably scale computa-tiem down to maybe 5-10% (of 100%)).

hmm just had the thought: maybe this "not having time for 1-on-1" shit is irrelevant once I start wearing wasdf (a-z is my current code target. ez af tbhfam) and going outside and shit? but nah coding itself is an extremely solo and "focused" activity (for me at least) so wasdf can't solve everything.