I believe in love (religious belief=love). Love undoubtedly exists. Love is an abstract symbol that is identified with, in each of us, our most powerful of feelings (unless we are without love). Simply being an abstract symbol illuminates the possibility of [abstract] thought itself, which means love may very well be the key to consciousness itself. We all can see and kind of agree that love (emotion) happens even between the less intelligent of animals (dogs, etc). Love develops naturally/eventually as evolution churns it's slop ad infinitum. Afterwards, consciousness grows around it. Love is our crutch, our pivot. It's reliable logic (call it what you will ("love" is just an abstract symbol)). It's logic before logic exists. Our entrypoint into logic itself. Yes, sure, logical consciousness _could_ form without love............ but there is no _incentive_ for it to do so! Love is a 3rd party worth protecting (in addition to yourself). If you were to  protect only yourself, you would probably be much less aware of your own existence (in my imagination right now, the non-procreating entity is alive indefinitely and so becomes "intelligent" but somehow less self-aware or maybe what I mean to say is less EMOTIONAL(?)). Fortunately it's highly improbable for a species to have only 1 instance of itself alive and be able to sustain like that "indefinitely": death nearly always occurs, and so procreation is necessary to avoid extinction.

I would...
I should...
I guess I do because I see no reason why not to...
I worship love.

I will blindly submit my life to love.
Love is right, even when it's wrong. Intent defines a person; if a harmful action was done out of love, it was done for the right reason but we often find in hindsight (which is 20/20) that sometimes chaos has other plans.

On a more depressing note: "love" symbol can be used by evil-doers to disguise themselves as "good" (non-evil). And hell, psychology is so powerful/primitive these days that the evil-doers themselves literally have themselves convinced that it is true and genuine love. Denial is an extremely powerful force: sometimes we despise ourselves so much that we invent the fantasy that it's all out of love. (hmm I wonder if that's true for me about "programming to express myself to find love"?).