There's an inverse correlation between my happiness and the population density in my vicinity. Seriously spent the last week in bakersfield and wanted to blow my fucking brains out towards the end of it. I'm now on the outskirts of it parked on the north side of kern river. good enough :). I really don't think I _CAN_ live in society full time, which makes those "14 day stay limits" (and 30 days per YEAR max) in the forests/etc uhh.... yea.....


I hate my touchscreen phone with a passion, but there seems to be no other options within my ghetto ass price range. All the ones with "open source" operating systems run on like 5 phones total and each of them cost OVER $9000. Meh, my shitty proprietary (but using linux kernel) mobile phone cost $30 new, that's more like it. I digress; I hate touch-screen ANYTHING, regardless of the OS. I've been trying to put my fing-... err... I've been trying to state in simple terms exactly WHY I hate touchscreen with a fucking passion, and I've finally got it. You know how when you watch a regular computer keyboard pecker use his computer and you laugh at him hysterically because he's looking straight down at his keyboard while typing, when out of the fucking blue a new window pops up and now he's typing into the wrong window (passwords could be accidentally instant messaged to friends this way. learn how to type you noobs)? The same fucking KIND of thing happens with ALL touch screen keyboards. But the problem is that you CANNOT "learn how to type" to escape this problem. The most 1337 h4x0r d00dz in existence (sup) are fucking FORCED to finger peck 4ever (of course you could plug in a keyboard, but your shitty $30 phone lacks USB OTG so they can save a few pennies). This doesn't usually translate into "typing into the wrong window" on your touch screen phone, but it more frequently means that your writing is fucking PLAGUED with typos. With a PC keyboard I have like idk 50+ WPM and 99.99% accuracy (I detect and CORRECT my typos without even looking at my keyboard), but with a touchscreen phone it becomes 10 WPM and 80% accuracy if I'm lucky. In order to "detect" typos your eyes have to CONSTANTLY be changing to different parts of the screen. You have to look where your fingers are going to press, then you have to look where the letters show up to see if they even fucking registered, let alone if they registered correctly. My eyes fucking hurt from looking up-down-up-down-up-down hundreds of fucking times per minute. Touch screens are a fucking gimick piece of shit.... but there's so much industry already invested in them I doubt they're going anywhere anytime soon.