Damn I want to code CodeGeneratorGenerator and SocialNetworkTimeline just about equally!!! SocialNetworkTimeline is probably the smarter move, but then again wtf do I know CodeGeneratorGenerator is one of those "speed up your productivity rate exponentially" kinds of things!!! Maybe I'll just flip a coin.

Oh and re the recent entry to todo.txt about "I want to because I want to". That's what art is. It's just fuckin impulse living doing whatever the fuck you want, sculpting reality however your impulses tell you to. Arguably, then, [fuckin impulse] living without visibly sculpting is still "art"? The ONLY thing not allowed is harm.


I say "harm" but that's actually subjective and arbitrary as fuck. I should say "harmful to the human species as a whole", that's what I _USUALLY_ mean.

For any given event, that event can be simultaneously harmful to some and not harmful to others. You have to ATTEMPT to be objective and ask yourself if a given thing is harmful to the entire human species... not just whether or not a thing is harmful to YOU specifically. As an example, my Grandpa Wieler used to dump battery acid (from used batteries) into the ground and then sell the lead. He eventually got told to stop, but let's analyze what his train of thought SHOULD have been before he even started doing it: Is dumping this battery acid into the ground harmful to ME? No, it's not, in fact it's just the opposite: it's PROFITABLE. He should have asked: is dumping this battery acid into the ground harmful to the human species as a whole? Maybe he genuinely didn't know dumping battery acid was bad, but if he's anything like my father, his bias toward profit WOULD HAVE CLOUDED HIS JUDGEMENT and he would have concluded it to be "non-harmful"... and the denial portion of his psyche (which is fucking HELLA STRONG) would have surpressed him from ever even considering whether or not it was harmful to the entire human species.

This sort of thing, clouded judgement (bias towards profit) when determining whether or not a thing is harmful, is occurring in vast numbers all across the planet. It's probably essentially what I mean when I say "law must not be used to make illegal the 'things preferred less' (such as less profit) by the majority". Since NEARLY EVERYBODY has a bias towards profit in this business-mode of an existence (Earth ~2017), polling for the majority opinion is INSUFFICIENT AND ERROR PRONE when determining whether a given thing is harmful or not.