If you don't know the solution, [re]state the problem. If that doesn't do it, restate the problem in simpler terms (that simplification is what will usually lead you to the solution).

The problem, as Baraka and Koyinaasqatsi put it (or rather, my interpretations of them):
We like fucking evolved from nothingness and each of us is amazing. We all have the right to direct our lives as we see fit (as long as we're non-harmful), but the business-mode of living has created a large-and-growing number of situations where humans are being controlled by other humans for significant (often majority) periods of their lives. This is called slavery and everybody is against slavery if you are able to point it out and label it. We do not have slavery over the table but instead have slavery under the table. The slavery is not official/legal but is instead implied and unacknowledged. Most every employer will deny controlling their employees outside of work, but this is false 99.999999% of the time. Political beliefs and social standing almost always factor in to an employer's decision on who to keep and who to fire. For example, socially awkward people are more likely to be fired than those socially in-tune; this breeds conformity and submission, whereas we as a species need to be embracing individuality and a NEUTRAL positioning on the dominance/submission scale (dom/sub sex kink is something else entirely (and I'm for it ;-P!), but I'm talking about day to day interactions here!).

Suppose you're an employer and you're watching the evening news and you see one of your employees rioting/protesting/etc going berzerk (letting loose all that energy they have to keep confined M-F 9-5), and it just so happens that you have an opposing opinion as your employee. Would you fire him? Only a saint or a liar would say "no" at this point. Hell I'll even admit I'd fire him: if I saw one of my employees ranting and raving on the evening news saying "fuck the environment" and "fuck love" and so on and so forth, I'd fire his ass in a heartbeat. There are laws in place that say firing people for political-beliefs/etc is illegal, but these laws have little to no effect: all it really means is that employers won't tell you the real reason they're firing you... they'll just make up some bullshit reason or give the cop-out reason: "cut backs"/etc.

A lot of people like to call this kind of slavery "wage slavery". Whatever you want to call it, it exists both in 1st world USA/etc and 3rd world China/etc. A property of economics is that the majority of employees (in a given country/planet/whatever) will make barely enough money to survive on. The renters of apartments/etc price their rent at just low enough that these underpaid employees can just barely afford rent+food+utils, while employers pay employees just enough money to make those payments. That's wage slavery in a nutshell: when you work M-F 9-5 for ~40 years of your life, and have nothing to show for it but mere survival. "Row well and live".

I forgive you! I forgive us! Most humans are, or at least want to be, good people! Business-mode consumes their lives and transforms them. The mere act of surviving (which there's obviously nothing wrong with) in turn becomes humans fucking over other humans on a grand (yet still small) scale. Grand in the sense that it applies to most EVERYONE, but small in the sense that "one person alone doesn't do very much harm". It's only when you add up all the billions of tiny pieces of harm that you get the unhealthy living environment that is Earth ~2017.

I think this business-mode of living is the default state for EVERY species that evolves from nothingness, so that's why I forgive you/us. Bartering is such an obvious concept, and so is the invention of money, that I can't hold the human species at fault for coming up with it. It has grown beyond control though; rather, it has TAKEN control. Business, an inanimate concept/idea, controls most of our entire species.

We're like a child on christmas morning bum rushing the christmas tree and ripping open every present he can lay his fingers on, even though some of those presents he shouldn't be opening. The "why" is extremely obvious: The child is immature and hasn't been taught (by his parents) any better. The analogy doesn't fit though because WE (the human species) HAVE NO PARENTS [that we know of]: there is nobody to tell us to stop fucking everything up. Back to the analogy though: is that kid "evil" for opening presents he shouldn't have? No, just young and naive, and that's why "I forgive us".