on whiteboard: kid AI program

I am excited to have a kid (but still am not ready yet), because I consider it to be programming (and in case you couldn't tell, I love programming!). Programming a human mind. AI on an organic bipedal computer, just like me :-D. The AI soaks in a lot of knowledge by itself, but the smarter you make it at a young age, the more likely it is to become (had [genuinely] written here) smart when it's older. It. It. Steven.clone(); nahh gotta throw some chaos into the mix baby!~ lemme do the DNA tango in your uterus pls. r u wet yet?

That we learn by ourselves in addition to what others teach us is self-evident to each and every one of us, thus needs no proving.

Learnign by ourself is the very definition of AI. We use a handful of matter as our host computer while the operating system OF LIFE (inherited from parents, passed onto your children) executes. Fuck money, I want to deck out this motherfucker's OS so his life is fucking sex amazing. You're welcome and I love you and you're gonna do it to your children too, I'm guessing... so no need to thank me err yourself~ ye fukken hivemind one day fo sho

The operating system of life is basically a timeline, ROFL. a timeline of memories. a self aware timeline of memories which has the ability to queue and execute todo list entries (which are timeline entries). I can attempt to arrange for specific fantacies (would-be memories) to become memories with a pretty decent success rate. That's what event planners do, George Michael Jr!

Memories are collections of 1 or more of the senses signaling your brain. Hmm actually no there are no senses used when I close my eyes and think of fantacies (even the mere act of thinking of fantacies CREATES memories). Same with dreams, none of the 5 senses used. In dreams, your mind synthesizes those 5 sense receptors which currently aren't getting much signal (or possibly none AT ALL (isolation chambers fuck yea!)) from the waking world.

Memories can be combinations of senses and trains of thoughts, and thinking of one can trigger thinking of the other. So memories are just timelines which accept ANY kind of information. Hmm... TimeAndData_Timeline *cough* :-D. You can close your eyes and create any memory you want, just like file->new in a 3d scene editting program.