I went to Kauai for 2 months. Early december to early february. Was amazing.

Garrison and Robinson told me about their trip to Kalalau a few years back. "there's this hippy valley you could totally live in". The seed was planted and it grew and I fed it tons of imagery/videos from the internet.

Immediately out of the airport I went to the store to get a medium size cylinder of oats (no flavor), a medium size of instant rice (but I mistakenly got the long cooking kind), and a propane tank and cooker since my stupid airline wouldn't even let me bring a stove without the propane. I also forgot until a few days later that I had tossed some seasoned salt in my bag while packing back home. The seasoned salt brand has an upscale restaurant in beverly hills that's known for prime rib. These 3 items are practically (I declined so many offers for food, but accepted a few :-/) all I ate for the next 2 weeks. Yea Kalalau passes are for 5 days max, fuck the police. Hippies live out there fulltime, my 14 days wasn't shit. I didn't even waste my money on a pass, fuck the police.

After the store I rode the bus directly to Hanalei post office and sat on those benches nearby for a little while to get my bearings and make some phone calls. It was spooky as fuck being way out there alone with a giant backpack full of my shit (people walking around I didn't trust)... while on the phone with my mom (talking on the phone with your mom can amplify your fear/sadness)... with the sun going down and not having any fucking clue where I'm going to sleep that night. I decided to just walk towards Ke'ee Beach (Kalalau trailhead) and I'd just pull off onto the beach and sleep wherever (or possibly in some trees). Either that or if I made it to the trail I could sleep all along it. My options were pretty limited so that was good enough to go on and I started walking. Might as well hitchhike to get to the trailhead faster... about 20 mins of walking and 2 beautiful french canadians pick me up. They were definitely top 10 for looks on the trip. They too were going to tackle the Kalalau, and explained to me that I was crazy to want to start it that night and managed to persuade me to camp at a state beach that night where they were camping. I obviously agreed, seeing as they just kinda sorta asked me to spend the night with them. What would this night entail?

Nothing. They went to bed right away and so did I in my own tent some 30-50 ft away from theirs. Whatever, only risked $5 for bribing the ranger the following morning at 6am sharp... and the reward was definitely worth that risk. They were beautiful and nice so I should probably stop objectifying them like this, but whatever I can't even rememb- oh the quieter one's name was Lorenz! Lorenz and Sabrina! I should try to look them up (def gonna now that I can remember their names). So after bribing the ranger $5 to fuck off and let me go back to sleep the next morning (made a mental note to myself: FUCK the state parks... much smarter to squat in places you aren't "supposed" to sleep (100 ft down the beach)) we 3 hitchhiked with yet another french canadian (I swear canadians in general were the tourists I met the most of). The first 2 decided to leave their rental car at the state park since Ke'ee beach was known for break-ins. The entire car ride they were taking advantage of the fact that they could use (use it or lose it) their french, so I just sat their awkwardly. The lady that picked us up was nice. A woofer, though she didn't look it (probably because she was on vacation).

The first 20 minutes in I knew I'd way the fuck overpacked. Sabrina and Lorenz went way faster than me. I think I pushed myself harder because I wanted to keep up with them so we could experience 6-mile (mid-trail campsite) and Kalalau together. I threw up that first day. Took so many breaks. Contemplated turning around. It's weird how your head changes when you're under such physical strain. I slept in my hammock just 3/11 miles in. Glad I brought a hammock because there was nowhere to pitch a tent. I slept literally hanging over a [small] cliff edge (the trail zig-zagged and was below me still if I would have fallen) maybe 30 ft beyond where I puked. I got passed up by so many people. A guy asking me if I had a battery and a non-microUSB for his shitty proprietary cult phone... so he could use it's screen to fly his drone around in Kalalau. Saw him again on his way out 3 days later... still on my way in xD. He was gonzo recording his hiking that 2nd time and talked to me and recorded me and apparently uploaded it to that one popular as fuck video site. I can't remember his name, John something? Darn I am going out of order now, kms. The morning after I barfed was when I did the most contemplating turning back. 1.5-3 hours of just standing there thinking. It ultimately boiled down to: a) I can turn back and go back to where I just came from. Walk all the way back to the airport and go back to AZ with my tail between my legs. Known. b) A supposed tropical paradise where I might want to live the rest of my life. Unknown. -- I paced myself from then on (and right around this time I came up with the theory that I was probably chasing those girls). Oh forgot to mention, while I was standing there thinking I saw Lorenz and Sabrina on their way out. They decided to turn around even though they had made it to 6-mile that first day (it's usually a 2 day hike, they were on schedule). I guess some people told them about how the trail was dangerous and muddy. No shit, didn't you do your research girls??? Bah forgot to mention another thing. Only 20 mins in the first day they took a photo break (giving me a chance to catch up). I said "you ever hear the story of the tortoise and the hair?". I felt stupid as fuck saying it just moments later, but in the end it turned out to be a spot on quote seeing as they turned around and I made it.

After a bit of hiking the 2nd day I took another long ass break and decided to dump my tent, a sleeping pad, and a trekking pole that I couldn't get extended. I had a hammock as well so fuck it. I found that same tent on my way out of Kalalau some ~12 days later, was set up and I guess abandoned at 6-mile. I knew it was mine because the sleeping pad was in it. We were all calling it the "mystery tent" but then when all the prime hammocking spots were taken I decided to go use it, and it was no longer the mystery tent, it was my abandoned tent. Guh sry out of order again (I figure I'd have forgot to mention this). That 2nd day I found some Guava and slept at 6-mile with 2 others. One was an outdoors enthusiast girl I think named McKenzie (sp?) and the other was a middle aged dude going about the same speed as me. Both turned back the next morning, despite my trying to persuade them to continue. McKenzie had other obligations, the other guy (Brian!) just bitched out. He made the mistake of getting water in his shoes at the river crossing there, can't say I blame him. McKenzie told me about bivvies and for the rest of my time in Kauai I fantacized and contemplated getting a Bivvy (still am a lil, probably will if/when I go backpacking again unless it's not solo). Her pack was so fkn light I was jealous. Mine was ~50 lbs before I dumped the tent/etc, or fuck was it 60-65 and then 50 after? I forget. I slept in my hammock in the picnic table area.

The 3rd day I slept in between trees along the trail again. I met a hippy named Thomas who was definitely feeling blue. He gave me a banana and I accepted not because I was low on food or sick of my limited variety (yet), but because I was so exhausted it saved me from having to cook anything. He told me how a friend of his recently died and they had a funeral in Kalalau and that the weeks following he was psychologically paralized, laying on the ground in his friend's campsite and not even able to get up and get water for himself. He told me I was the first person he'd even talked to in weeks, I was kind of honored and I tried to be a good listener for this obviously depressed man. He wanted to leave Kalalau for a while to "go be with family". Fukken tear jerker I'm gettin all choked up just writing this. I slept just before a part of the trail referred to as "old bitch", though I'm not sure what part that guy (not Thomas) was talking about since the entire trail was a bitch. Oh and btw crawler's ledge ain't shit: the fear of crawler's ledge before you get there is much worse than crawler's ledge itself. I mean sure you can easily die there if you aren't careful, but if you take it slow you'll be alright. I think crawler's ledge is why Lorenz/Sabrina turned back, but idk.

Fucking finally the 4th day I arrived. A mainland hippy got there around the same time as me and we connected a little towards the beginning but didn't really talk much after that. We sat nude together on the beach, she had hairy armpits/etc. She was nice but I could kinda tell we were in different mindsets. She said to when I was walking away from her "you can reflect on your journey here" or something along those lines, I kek'd. She was a farmer in NY in the non-winter and during winter she made enough money to go on vacations like this. I was impressed, and she confidently stated "I'm good at what I do". There was a 2nd girl with us  there on the beach when we sat nude together. A prude and I could tell I weirded her out because she left soon after (but blamed it on something else). I felt bad tho. That bad feeling sat with me the rest of the day even though I remained nude. I thought about it overnight and although I liked being nude I concluded that it definitely changes interactions with others (usually for the worse), so I went dressed from then on.

The next day I met 2 girls who were right around my age, but slightly older. I think the younger one wanted me but I was too intimidated/nervous/idfk (I suck). They both seemed so much more mature than me, like an adult next to a kid. They seemed like sophicated clubbers whereas I like to play DDNet all day and talk to myself and write stupid code and shit. I accidentally gave the older (married) one too much attention which I think pissed off the younger one and yea idk it was fucked from there. They pretended not to hate me and I tried to be nice to them but it was all just awkward, or maybe it was all just in my head what the fuck do I know. I asked them if they wanted to go hike up into the valley, but since they just got there that day they passed and so I went alone.

I wanted to find this garden everyone kept talking about. If there's any reason to go to Hawaii, the Kalalau Valley Garden is the reason. I followed the trail up into the valley but didn't ask for any directions to the garden, I just figured I'd follow the trail and poof there it is. Nope, that trail then splits off into hundreds of smaller trails. Sheeeit, I even went off trail for some time because I didn't want to double back and I figured (correctly) that I'd eventually run into another trail. I made it up to the water hole that day, and although it looked refreshing and I wanted to jump in I didn't stay there very long because it seemed like a couple was spending some romantic time there and I didn't want to intrude. Walking back down to the beach was easy: follow gravity and/or the river.

There was a guy in a neighboring campsite who went up way further than the waterhole and he got off trail and semi-lost and literally walked back down IN the river. He seemed almost traumatized from the experience. It was strange that he wanted to go up beyond the waterhole even though his group turned back right around there... considering he'd already made arrangements to ride the jet ski out of there because the 11 mile trail in was too much for him. This guy, who said he was an actor's coach, delivered a text message to my mom after getting off the ski do "Steven is ok he is in Kalalau Valley" or something. Awfully nice of him.

The night after my first day up in the valley (and failing to find the garden) I'd heard about some "ceremony" thing going on and wanted to invite those 2 girls mentioned earlier to go check it out with me, because fuck it nothing else to do and I still wanted to hook up with the one who I think wanted me. It was dark and I wandered into the wrong campsite after a plumber-from-portland named Josh pointed me in that direction saying it was those 2 girls' campsite. Josh was kinda the creepy guy on the beach but we kicked it and got along fine since I walk both sides of the fence. He was self-aware, which I respected... saying things like "they wouldn't want to talk to a guy like me" and stuff like that. He was heartbroken from his lover who I guess left him or maybe cheated on him I forget. He was kinda funny, tried to mess with me by telling me he was an assassin, to which I replied "neat". Later on after inquiring if it was a lucrative business, he explained that what he meant was that he steals information from people by simply talking to them and learning from them. As we talked and he taught me something or other, I declared that I'd just assassinated him back ;-P.

So anyways wandering into that wrong campsite I met the 3 people I felt the strongest connection to during my 2 months in Kauai (thanks Josh :-P). Margaret was cooking up some dehydrated food for the 4 of them (there was a 4th who I barely talked to at all... she stayed behind at the campsite while the rest of us went off exploring etc) and we just hit it off talking about the usual order of business: where we're from and what we do etc. It's all about tone and body language anyways, we just clicked. She's a singing instructor in San Francisco, and she brought one of her students/friends (Charlene) who in turn brought 2 of her own friends (Julie and that 4th one I barely talked to and can't remember her name). I found out later that 3/4 of them were joggers, so the 4th one who stayed mostly at the campsite had her reasons (she, like me, was out of shape -- but I had an advantage that I'd been in Kalalau resting for a few days before they got there). After explaining that I'd heard about some "ceremony", we 4 (leaving the 5th behind) agreed to go find it. I went back to my campsite and cooked up some slop, wanted to give them their space and not overstay my welcome. They said they'd come when they were ready but it took so long I figured they blew me off (I didn't mind. I gave them their space so they'd be able to easily reject me). After crawling into my hammock all cozy and starting to go to sleep, they show up and I scramble and put my clothes (well mainly shoes, I rocked a swimsuit with no shirt the entire time in Kalalau... aside from the first day) back on so we could go find that ceremony. We found a massive frog/toad (they were all over the place) while walking, but no ceremony (rain + too late = no ceremony). We didn't even know where to go so we ended up in a flat area that looked ceremonial for the ancient hawaiians (and indeed probably was), with random rocks stacked to form a sort of short wall around us. Eh we decided to have our own ceremony, Margaret bust out her tarot cards and we sat on the [wet] grass and gave each other readings. I liked Margaret's view of tarot: it wasn't ghostly/spiritual/etc like a lot of people say... she called it exactly what it was: "you just interpret the cards however they relate to your life" (or something along those lines). I can't remember my/our interpretations too much except I remember giving Margaret her reading on one of her cards pretty distinctly; it was a guy standing there with a staff or something and back behind him off in the distance were tons of staffs stuck into the ground. Margaret explained that staffs mean "wants" (or maybe she said "wands" and I heard her wrong at first). Well I of course interpreted it how it related to my life and said that it was her (my) dad sifting through all her wants (code/projects) and finding one and looking at it and saying "wtf is this?"... but she (I) am gone out of the scene/card doing other stuff.

The next day we 4 went up into the valley (but not before listening to Margaret sing Hotel California and me trying/failing to surf). I talked to a bunch of hippies and got good directions to the garden. It took us a while but we found it. Was totally worth it (I almost didn't go and look for it again). An engineering masterpiece. Go see it if you want to know more.

Was fun just walking and talking with them (and I secretly struggled to keep up with the in shape joggers). There was a point where I distinctly remember thinking "I wish I was a girl and part of their group", but there was nothing sexual about it. All 3 of them were beautiful but I refrained from hitting on them, I wanted friends.

That hike into the valley was amazing, but there isn't really much detail worth writing about. It just doesn't translate well into words: ooo dirt and trees and walking and talking. Oh we 4 did jump in the waterhole this time (I guess this is a detail worth writing about), there was rope swing too. But sheesh that river water was cold (much colder than the ocean), unbearable for my pussy ass.

That night we heard of another "ceremony" and this time I found it, but those 3 didn't show up (I think they thought it was lame... and well I was bored enough to not care). The first 2 girls mentioned earlier did though. Oh btw uhh the 3 I went hiking with were right around the same age as me as well (maybe slightly older), but still their maturity level seemed more in tune with my own. They seemed younger like me and maybe that's why we got along better. They didn't seem like the clubbin' type.

The "ceremony" was like uhh singing bowls or something I guess that's what it's called. They ceremony holders happened to be selling some passion fruit wine, so I slipped them a $20 and later on drunkenly stumbled into Margaret and them's campsite and of course acted a fool like I always do drunk, laughing stupidly at how a diaphram is both a "thing you sing from" and a woman's birth control. One of them said "I think it's just a shape". Kek whatever I don't think they cared too much I was being stupid (remember I said I tried not to hit on them? well I also tried to not make perverted jokes... and here I am drunk... making perverted jokes), either that or they hid it well.

They left the next morning and sadly I didn't even get to say goodbye to them. I was standing around for a while after waking up trying to decide if I had to take a shit or not... and wouldn't you know it, moore's law or whatever that law is "worst timing"... when I duck into the bathroom for ~5 minutes they hike right on by and I miss my opportunity to say goodbye. Charlene stayed at my campsite waiting for me though so at least I got to say bye to her. I could sense some sadness in her goodbye and I felt the same way. I was tempted to run after the others to say bye, and I probably shoulda. But meh I'm not sure I've seen the last of them. In fact I've decided I am going to make an effort to see them again... now that I live in CA too (I'll make my way north near SF in my cabover camper eventually).

They gave me 2 protein bars and a carrot and this was the first non rice/oatmeal I ate since the banana (ok excluding so much passion fruit I got the shits... and the occassional/daily orange). While I stood there eating the protein bars I decided it was time to leave Kalalau (there must be some days missing here because that certainly wasn't 14). The thought of meeting a new set of friends every few days (permits are 5 days max, and it takes 2 days to get in!) just sounded way too depressing... and if I was to live there that's what it'd consist of. I didn't connect too much with the hippies that lived there, not enough to make me want to stay.

Took me a full day of waiting to find the guy with the satellite phone to call in the jet ski, then a day and a half of sitting on my ass planted in one fucking spot (literally felt like jail.. just sitting waiting watching the ocean for that damn jet ski) before I decided to just fucking hike out of there. I was in much better shape by this time, so it only took me 2 days to get out of there, like it's supposed to. Maybe the feeling of "freedom" (escape from Kalalau (those last few days of wanting to be out of there but not being out of there... were SHIT)) and also "mainland food" are what helped me keep a good pace, probably a combination of all 3 factors.

At 6 mile on the way out I met a family and a kid that reminded me of Caydon. I could tell he admired me (I'm saying this without ego mothafucka), like he just thought it was cool that I came a quarter of a way around the planet to come backpacking out here alone. Was a cool kid idk. I hope I inspired him to do similarly when he's my age ;-).

Fuck I wanted to write about all 2 months in 1 sitting but this is taking forever so I'll add an "a" to the filename thingo and will write more later.