Infinite finites == infinite

It's barely interesting that both Think0 and Universe0 in Projects/ForFun/ have while(true) loops in them. They are both kind of modelling the same thing, but I guess at different points [of execution]. It's also barely noteworthy that Universe0 could be utilized as a video game/simulator engine. Blah well anyways, a while(true) does not necessarily mean infinite loops. A break/return could happen at any point. I do think, however, that Universe0's while(true) is in fact infinite (but I don't have any evidence to back this up). I also don't know which of the two is closer to properly solving the AI problem. Both seem to have the right approach I suppose (the Universe0 version just might take a bit longer than most are willing to wait ;-P (and this depends on the hardware running on it ofc (would be ez to make it concurrent ofc)). I was thinking yesterday that one way to get us out of this shit dystopia wage-slavery state is to up and solve the AI problem. Well yea I mean I for one can see just how fucking hard of a problem it is to solve (unless you're willing to wait billions of years, in which case Universe0 already solved it :-D). In order to get the most powerful rich to stop fucking over the less powerful majority, we need to remove their incentive to do so; solving he AI problem does that. However I think genuine AI would, like us, not want to be your bitch slave. True AI can probably only emerge out of a struggle to survive in an apathetic evolution system. So bleh I guess even solving the AI problem won't help get us out of this dystopia, in fact the AI-on-software would probably live in the exact same dystopia in it's virtual world xD. It's just so logical/natural that we fall into this "rich, powerful, sociopathic... rule/own/control the weaker/etc".
Blah well I'm digressing like fuck and throwing in lots of mixed thoughts into this doc, back to the first line. My life is finite, but there are infinite occurances of my life, so it really is infinite (even though from the first person perspective, it certainly SEEMS finite). Infinite Multiverse Theory again hello there old friend.