Sleep is when/where the conscience and subconscience meet up and talk things over. Together they analyze your waking life and try to predict fatal events (etc). They put on little skits/plays that serve as a status report. Doing good? Here's some awesomely fun dreams. Doing shyte and taking too many risks etc? Here's some scary as fuck dreams.


I think one of the reasons dream recall becomes improved when you keep a dream diary is that you simply free up space in your head, kind of like a chunk of memory (no kind of about it!). Another reason is that you get 'practice' accessing those sections of memoriy, so the neural network "use it or lose it" remains used (and it's probably a different route from "dream -> dream storage" to "dream -> dream recall (verbal, written, etc)". The first reason mentioned is a newer discovery (but the wording of the second is still pro/new too). Elaborating on the first: perhaps "dream storage" portion of memory is much smaller than "what I have expressed", and let's not forget that "what I've expressed AND RECORDED" can be safely forgotten ;-P. We are, perhaps mainly subconscously, remembering dreams we've had in the past in case an opportunity comes for us to recall it. That takes up precious "dream storage" space, so by expressing/recording the dream, you free that space up for the next night (versus holding onto it for days/months/years [and eventually forgetting it completely :-/]).


I theorize that the probability that a human understands the world/universe they are born into increases if that human is born into a dystopia. My reasoning is that if/when a human is pised, they anaylze things much more prudently. When shit is fucked, you just gotta find a solution, you just gotta. Understand YOURSELF/the-universe is prerequisite to finding that solution (even if you never find a/that solution xD). If, however, a human is born into a universe where everything's HUNKY DORY (utopia), there is not a NEED to analyze the fuck out of yourself/the-universe. You'd do it casually; when it's convenient to do so and when doing so brings you pleasure.