This one was a few weeks ago while in AZ for my sister's wedding: it was like a mall "photo shooting" store where you go to pose with shit and get your picture taken. It wasn't a mall though, but just a building in a vanilla shopping center. Anyways my brother and 3 others (1 other guy and 2 other girls) were in a band and they were getting their picture taken for an album cover or something along those lines (promotional material of some kind). The photo studio was bondage themed, however :-P. Each of them got "into" a sort of metallic(?) box thing; their limbs (maybe not their arms, but def legs) and head stuck out of holes cut into the side of it, and it kind of closed and locked around them like a briefcase or a sandwich. Additionally, their limbs sticking out were spray painted a light bright blue. Then they were raised and hooked onto a "hanging conveyer belt" (kinda resembling the one on the end of Half-Life 2) and lifted up into the air 10 feet or so and then they were taken into another room where the photo shooting was done (I never went in there). I got a pretty good view of one of the 2 girls' bare buttocks as she was climbing into the folding briefcase thing. Oh maybe [just] their asses were hanging out instead of their legs (or maybe both), so maybe their asses were spray painted blue idk. I was glad that I didn't see my bro's ass, thanks Mr. subconscience.

I think now that Craigslist and Backpage don't have personals that such a photo shooting studio would probably get tons of business (and probably still wouldn't, even before those personals went down). It might also be perfectly legal using the "porn is art" loophole (you bribe politicians with tax dollars and they look the other way during what is essentially prostitution).


Just last night: The dream was 2 parted, I woke/got up to piss in between lol. In the first part Gary and Garrison Becher were talking to me in a room and invited me to go along with them (and the fam) into space. I kept wanting to say to Gary to be a smart ass: "you mean OUTER space?" -- but I'm not sure if I ever said it to him or just thought it for lulz. After they persuaded me into doing it (I was reluctant due to money concerns, I think it cost ~$90), one of those 2 then bust out some LSD droplets in a vial and I do recall dosing some. Garrison proclaimed as Gary squeezed some onto my tongue, "wow that's a lot!".... but I just smiled and wasn't worried ;-). We were dropping so as to make the space flight more funner. I think I started tripping out in the dream a little bit, was just riding it and enjoying it. This is unfortunately where I woke up and took that piss. When the dream resumed the LSD was no longer there. We were all boarding the spaceship thing, the whole fam dam. I think Grandma Tobey was sitting where the drivers' seat was, but pretty sure the whole thing was autopilot anyways. Before we stepped into the ship, we were told to conserve our breath and stuff. I think Garrison's ex-gf Melissa was there too, or someone similar to her. She was explaining how we were going to "get up to speed" so effeciently using some modern technology (which!?) when I hijacked her conversation and said (trollingly) "it's because we're going THROUGH the middle of a nuclear reaction!". Hell maybe that would do something neat physically, but I don't think technology is there yet. Anyways we laughed and wasted breaths etc and I recall Melissa saying "why are we talking about this???", a hint of disapproval in her voice. O I forgot to mention that as we were boarding I was to sit next to my mom and Garrison. Call me a pussy, but for some reason sitting next to my mom on this [possibly life ending] journey gave me comfort. So anyways we finally launced and it was like a slingshot or catapult. We went unrealistically fast and unrealistically high. The entire journey lasted only ~15 seconds, but we went sooooo high that we were able to "look down" at the milky way galaxy itself! Our starting point was one side of the earth, and our ending point was the other side of the earth, but we arched waaaaaay up into outer space and stars flashed by just like doing "light speed" in the movies. It was an enjoyable dream, and I wonder if the in-dream LSD would have made it better or worse (maybe worse because woulda been harder to see all the shit going on?).