Trannies are a perpetual motion machine.

Men's sex drive is seemingly unlimited, especially when you consider "all men on earth" and not just 1 guy. Women, unable (more like unwilling. most bitches use their pussies as leverage in day to day manipulations aka politics) to keep up with said high sex drive, are being replaced more and more by trannies: not quite men but not quite women. They have the sex drive of men, but the features of women.

I ain't gonna lie, I feel a quantifiable amount of animosity towards women for being so hard to get. probably because I'm a chokelord who can't get laid, but still even my getting laid [periodically] doesn't change the fact that it's generally difficult to get. maybe difficult is the wrong word, since it's actually more a matter of "are you willing to change your behavior for sex? ie to attract women?", which I tend to respond with "no" and cry myself to sleep alone each night :-P.

men's sexual desires are simple, therefore pure.
women's sexual desires are convoluted, therefore almost always corrupt.

I'm not anti-woman in general, this doc is 100% about sex (there are things more important than sex tho).

OT as fuck, but a thought I had the other day: Politics, religion, money, and pretty much EVERY thing (aside from sex) you can think of in society today, was _created_ by man. Politics was created to counter the evil that arises, religion was created to let weaker minds stop fearing death ("I have FAITH there is an afterlife! I am not afraid!" -kek), money was created to facilitate bartering, so on and so forth. Sex, though, nobody created that. It's our primary (practically only, unless you count science hacks like artificial insemination) means of "life creation". We know how to utilize the function, but we did not code the function (aside: we're getting technologically advanced enough to finally be able to reverse engineer the code <3). alright anyways back to woman hating :-D

fokken
sex is a blinding objective. you can literally pursue sex 24/7/365 for years on end, pursuing [practically] nothing else. and when you finally get it and look back at all the hundreds/thousands of hours you spent (wasted?), you realize that it would have been a more effective use of your time if you would have simply dropped ~$100 and got a "massage" at a "massage parlor". if you make $8/hr at some job, after ~12 hours of chasing pussy (WHICH ISN'T VERY LONG AT ALL!!!), it's a better use of your time (most cost effective etc) to go drop $100 at the "massage parlor". the _time_ you save justifies the money, by a long shot. that being said, the prostitution industry makes me want to vomit, cry, and kill people.

so back to the point: if women shared the same ultra high sex drive that men have, the need for prostitutes would decrease significantly. also there would be less rape. this is a subject I've touched one before years ago, but didn't write out such a long doc.

what pisses me the fuck off is when I hear women saying "it's not true! we have just as high of sex drives!". bleh well I piss myself off too! no man can know the sex drive of a woman, nor can any woman know the sex drive of a man. still, though, there's this thing called empirical evidence. in my 28+ years alive, my day to day experiences have shown me that woman are thousands of time less likely/willing to have sex (unless they are getting something in return, LoL). guys will wake up, bust a nut 3 times before breakfast, twice more in between breakfast and lunch, then 3 times more between lunch and dinner, then 5 times more after dinner before passing out.... and we'd be fine with that day: "dear diary, today was a good day". bitches are like "blah blah blah if you buy me a diamond ring I'll suck your dick (but spit) on your birthday". they always wanna get up, get dressed up all fancy (for what? if we're laying in bed next to them??), and "go out" and shop or eat at restaurants. "there's a direct correlation between your hoe's allowance and the amount of blowjobs you receive per week" -science.

blah idk why this turned into a woman hating doc, I was trying to be funny and yea it's not really working. the main point, trannies being perpetual motion machines, can be re-referenced though now that I've described (above) how women are energy TAKERS and not energy PERPETUATORS. ehh yea fuck it I'm bored of this subject (lost interest) but to end I'll say: trannies were created to fill the gap between man and woman's sex drive. (note there are other reasons trannies are created: in 3rd world countries men often become trannies so they have a better chance at prostitution so they don't..... STARVE TO DEATH (woohoo 2017 Earth I'm so proud to be an American..... not)).