Why is the USA willing to play "world police" when it comes to protecting the intellectual property rights of the 1%ers (see: the Kim DotCom raid; namely the USA's "involvement" in a New Zealand operation), but unwilling to play "world police" when it comes to protecting the RIGHT TO LIFE that 3rd world starving children have? Oh right it's because the children are niggers. Fuck the United States of America!


USA is a powerful machine, no doubt. I fear it, no doubt.
USA is an extremely powerful tool that lets itself be used (abused) by power hoarders. "Old Money".
USA is so infected with viruses (corruption), that to say you love it, is to say you love AIDS/Cancer/etc. Nurse, scalpel! Fuck it I'd rather die self-amputating than let the AIDS/Cancer give me a long, slow, drawn out, painful, death.

Still though I'm not able to pinpoint anybody who is INTENTIONALLY fucking shit up, so idk wtf to do except write these stupid (but stress releasing) docs. I'll stop now (for now).


Ok I didn't hit save yet so I'll type this semi-OT here:
There's one thing about USA that I absolutely love. it's that it's dynamic. How do I put this delicately? YOU CAN COMMIT TREASON WITHOUT COMMITTING TREASON!!!!!!!!!!!

It's all about your wording.
ex0 (treason)      : Our current government isn't functioning, let's destroy it and make a new one.
ex1 (not treason): Our current government isn't functioning, let's elect some new representatives.

See the thing is, "electing new representatives" is the very same thing as "destroying the government and making a new one". After you "destroy" the government and erect a new one, you're STILL stuck with the task of electing representatives...... and hell your "selection" of potential representatives is mostly the same too since it's the same population we're dealing with. 

Yea USA is (in theory) legally dynamic, which is GREAT! But unfortunately (in practice) there are so many power hoarders ("old money") trying so damned hard to keep things static/the-ways-things-are (because after all, they have the money/power), that the "legally dynamic" advantage that the USA has goes pretty much completely unutilized. We PRETTY MUCH still live in the fudal days with "lords" and whatnot whose asses we have to kiss (or else!). We PRETTY MUCH still have slavery.

Capitalist Republicans are people who want more money for themselves by decreasing tax rates.
Liberal Democrats are people who want more government services for themselves-and-everyone by increasing tax rates.

Both sides "want" something for themselves. Ehhh govt should just be a set of rules: eg "don't murder".

I often hear capitalist republicans saying that "the government should be run like a business". If the government is run like a business, it should increase taxes for everyone as much as possible because that's how businesses squeeze a market resource.

A business exists solely to make money for itself.
How then, if a government is "run like a business", will the government ever "solve world hunger" (since it probably can't be done profitably (maybe it can, but it NEEDS to be done even if it can't!))?
Expecting a business to solve world hunger is like expecting a business to suddenly exist to make money for others rather than for itself: not gonna fukken happen and if it did the business would go under.