So this is probably one of, if no THE, favorite dream I have ever had.

Seriously so fucking awesome and demonstrates to me the power of my own brain.

I didn't think I was dreaming, and I was looking at like a side portrait of a man like sitting in a field or something. He was perched up.

I lol now at this: I started thinking "hurr that is so obviously a rip off of me" + like "the illuminati is real!" etc etc as I usually do (when browsing /b/ etc).

Out of his head came some like squiggly cloud thing and it turned into a picture frame. This was all a static image, however. The squiggles did not animate out of his head, they were just there.

The man was a solid color and a silhoette (sp). He looked like he kinda had big hair (aside from teh bubble cloud), just like a tall-ish hairdo you can see on the back of his head (sort of like mine rite nao lmfao)...

The bubble cloud formed a picture frame of sorts (again, static! already there. this is just the order in which my eyes (brain, really) saw it)

Inside the picture was just like trippy colorful objects and shapes and shit, and I could see a city in the picture off in the distance with like walls or something

The more I stared at it, the further and further I got sucked into it / FLEW into it. I lost focus of the man and the frame itself, and I knew that if I tried to 'zooom out' and see them again, that the effect would be lost. Oh also at this point the colorful shapes and shit began to ANIMATE FUCK YEA AMAZING ASS DREAM. It was like tripping balls except way more awesome

In fact, I thought I was tripping balls. Or at least, I thought I was awake and my eyes/brain were just.. you know.. doin their thing. Like CEVs that I can get just by rubbing my eyes really hard...


It was a cool effect and it took self control to allow it to continue. I got closer and closer to that city and it's walls were getting bigger and bigger. It seemed like an old type of city with brick ish walls but I couldn't really see anything inside of it so idk. It could have represented my dream city idfk

But yea right about this time I was awaken abrubtly :(. Not sure if it was a phone call or my mom coming in or what, but I was up early this morning to pick up caydon from my sister's house because she's sick. I think it was one of those two reasons. I remember the dream portion more than I remember the waking up portion :)


I was THRILLED when I realized it was a dream. The man _WAS_ me. My subconscious created him, and the dream itself.


I guess what it says is that even my subconscious agrees: my future looks FUCKING AWESOME



I'm not going to attempt to draw it in inkscape but it will come out like shit.
