fight
girl kiss
security
riot
what is love

Had a dream where I was with two friends in a truck in some town thing out by the hills and for some reason they wanted to fight and so we stopped and went in a grocery store and used the front entrance/exit area inside the store (but behind the checkout counters) as a sort of square to be the ring. Mind you just yeserday (err early this morning) I just watched the episode where Frank Burns made two enlisted men fight (and they both end up punching him in his ears). Somehow I got dragged into the fight as well and I thought it was silly to have a 3 man fight like that. I remember saying something like: "ok great so you'll blind side me as I'm punching him (the other guy)", and getting a sort of laughing "I-wouldn't-do-that-but-actually-now-that-I-think-of-it-I-probably-would" response. I went ahead forward and gave the friend/foe on my right a little friendly punch and then veered off to the right and into an aisle to let the other two fight alone. I went into the aisle and saw a cute girl and I remember it all being a continuous motion and train of thought as I said something like "...I'd much rather kiss this girl". I walked right up to her (she was only a few feet in the aisle, and was an employee of the store) and gave her a smackeroo as she bent backward all romantic like. It was only her facial expression and reaction to my words that made me quite sure she wanted it. She panicked a little since it was so short notice but she didn't pull away MUCH (enough to show she was panicked, but not enough to show she didn't want the kiss). We kissed for a few seconds which confirms that she was OK with it.

After the kiss, we started talking and I was either going to or did ask for her phone number, but right around then I asked how old she was (instead?) and she replied: "13 err 12 almost 13". I was shocked as I genuinely thought she was right around 16-18 in the dream. I sort of brushed her off implicitly telling her that that was too young and I walked in a different direction in the store. I remember thinking about my understanding of the law and that it isn't statutory-rape/illegal/etc if all you do is kiss and "grope her breasts" (which I may have done, I forget).

I walked out of the grocery store with one of the two fighters and was talking to him about how lucky I was that I didn't do anything illegal etc and there was another man walking along side him that I didn't really recognize. Told my friend the story etc and eventually we arive at another truck and I realize it's a security/police (idk which) truck and my friend is under arrest. At that moment I was even gladder that I didn't do anything statutory rape-wise to that 12 year old girl... or even say stuff that would lead the officer to believe that I had ("anything you say can and will be used against you" [regardless of it's truthiness]).

So I go back in the store to find the other friend and way off to the right, further than the aisle where I kissed the girl, was a weird riot thing going up/down either a single or just two aisles (blurry). I remember being quite sure that my other friend was over there or might have even started it but I have no idea how I got that feeling. I also felt like I might have known why they were rioting, but now that I am trying to write this I haven't a clue. My friend walked out of the circling riot thing (was like a protest turn riot -- some people had signs) and I remember reading his shirt as he walked towards me standing in the front doors of the store. It said something like: "What is love?", then below it: "This is:" and then like a picture of some delicious-looking/orange-colored spicy flavoured "chips in a cylinder can" ;-). I feel like the "what is love?" line might have been different but it's the best I can do for now. So we walked to the car and I told him about the other friend who was arrested and thought about how he'd be getting out... if we should wait for him or just have him call his parents/whoever when the time comes or idfk. Somehow I think the very friend that was arrested was instantly next to us two walking towards our truck and we all 3 got in and drove away, or something.