had 2 lucid dreams last night
in one of them i was in a classroom and i was sitting in a chair that was in the backright corner of this really tiny class (like 12 desks TOPS but maybe even like 8) and my corner was touching both the back and right walls and i got up after i knew i was lucid dreaming because i wanted to go walk around and i remember like nick mayberry (know him from elementary school) sitting directly to my left but i'm not sure i ever remember seeing his face. it was just "known". i got up and walked to the front of the aisle and hung a left and started walking towards the door. as i got closer and closer to the door everything started going all shaky. i knew what was happening. i was very aware in this dream. i knew i was waking up. i told myself to relaxed, and i did. the shaking stopped, and i turned around while "becoming relaxed" so i can't really be sure which one made it stop. i then walked back over to my desk but didn't it down. instead i reached out and touched the top of nick mayberry's head. he had a jacket on and like a hard (but like those plasticky (microfiber? idfk)) skin. like a lot of ski jackets are made out of it. good weatherproof material. he had the hoodie on and it was made out of the same material. i never saw his face. i do remember feeling the texture.

just then, i heard my dad yelling outside and i did a full body perceptor "ping" and was then laying in my room on my bed. fuckin dad -_-


later i had a dream where i was in low water (like 1 ft) and was on like a mossy sandbox. there were other mossy sandboxes but this one was mine. i remember there being like a military setting to it. i had my water underwater as i was like floating on my stomach'ish and i had my hands on the ground of the underwater moss "sandbox" and i could feel it

my dad woke me up "all-of-the-sudden" from this one too. FUCK YOU DAD, i've never had 2 lucid dreams in the same night. i estimate i've only ever had around 8 lucid dreams in my life...



it is possible the second one only happened because i had leftover "lucid juice" (lol wut) because i was prematurely awoken from the first one


i also MIGHT have taken 2 of my multi-vitamins yesterday on accident but i can't be sure of that. i definitely only took one tonight and am not going to start overdosing in search of lucid dreams. though i might try 2 some other time (let my system level out first) just as 'research' :-P. i've never had such vivid and controllable lucid dreams. the vivid'ness and controllability weren't actual it. it was more of.... a BETTER understand. much more COHERENCE of the lucid dream. i could remember my awaking life. holy shit i think that's a huge step in lucid dreaming!!! after training (which you are doing), you will start to experience them more and more. i FAINTLY/vaguely remember reading that remembering your awake life while in the lucid dream is a sign of improvement. of course i might have made it up but shit it sound legit tbh.

i really hope i didn't take 2 vitamins yesterday and that's why
i am definitely sure that vitamins are affecting my dreams
i am 50/50 on whether or not i took 2 vitamins yesterday
both of those being said, it's definitely plausible and even a little bit likely that i took 2 vitamins and that's what triggered the lucid dream sessions

i hope i didn't take them because then that means i really am improving on lucid dreaming. it is a skill. fuck meditating and chai tea and all that other shit... yoga included. you want to know yourself, lucid dreaming is the way to go. shit's SO FUCKING FUN too. like a videogame except 1000x cooler because it "SEEMS" real. but it isn't real and you know it's real so there are really no limits. it's not as easy as like the matrix where you just say "guns.... lots of guns...." but the basic idea is the same: you think of it and you can make it appear.

you have to understand that your brain is creating the imagery. each "frame" as i was walking by nick mayberry was my brain generating that image. it was simulating real life. my brain was simulating real life
that is PROOF that we can simulate real life on a computer? because our brains ARE computers?



"what do... you want... little germs at the smallest level of our existence... at the quantum level... `energy`... what is it that you desire?"
(after some thinking (i am making this up, i knew what i was going to write below before i started))
"oh, they have no thought or self awareness. so.... what i should be asking: what do i want? what do i desire?"



i am a quantum germ assemled into a being
accidentally or on purpose does not matter (i'm betting on accidentally. infinity is just SOOOO HUUUUUUGE)
i had no conscious thought prior to being a human
i had minimal conscious thought as a monkey, but was more or less retarded :-P
less and less conscious thought going down the evolutionary scale until i am merely chemical reactions happening because of the laws of physics



those chemical reactions are still occuring to this day. they never stop else i am dead. thought is a chemical reaction. my lucid dreaming is ENTIRELY chemical reactions going on in my brain. real life is the observance (5 senses) of chemicals around us and their reaction to one another

i THINK "light" is a chemical reaction... i THINK "sound/vibrations" are chemical reactions? i know feeling and tasting are. wtf is the 5th again? oh yea smell. i am pretty sure smell is one too. 'smell molecules hitting hair folicule molecules' ???
i say i think in all caps because i am not a chemist so really have no clue :-P
they all have a base class
the 5 senses
and that base class is all i'm talking about