Had 3 lucid dreams last night.
First one was on a grassy field with an old friend Matt. It didn't last long and he faded away and the dream ended.
Second one was on the same field with a different old friend/baseball-teammate, Daniel. I was lucid for longer and I asked him to say something to me. I can't remember the exact wording I used, but it seemed a result of something I told myself while awake. Something along the lines of: when lucid, ask someone else to tell you something [x]. I can't recall x exactly, but it was something.... maybe 'randomly generated' (to see if their brains can (even though it is my brain after all))... or maybe... to help me prove/understand that I am dreaming. I already knew I was dreaming when I made the request to Daniel, but it still... did... something. Continuing: He said "you are there". I accepted this as a valid response to my request (whatever it was) and instantaneously analyzed it [as false]. I visualized my 3D coordinates as lines coming out of my body (much like 3d rendering software does) and the X,Y,Z coordinates had... like... maybe question marks or something. They were at least false somehow. I knew that since I was dreaming that I was NOT in fact "there". The dream faded away shortly after. Perhaps because of my brain being confused by the fact that it was not where it thought it was [even though it knew it was dreaming], or maybe just because some other reason idfk.

The third was the longest and most vivid I have ever had. It may have been because I "beat" the 2nd lucid dream by understanding that I was in fact NOT there... allowing me to have a more vivid and longer lasting lucid dream.

I was on the top of a structure that was roughly the same size as an ASU parking lot. I don't know what the ground looked like [on the top of the structure], but I knew I was on something (more to come in a sec). There was a gorgeous view with mountain scenery in the distance in all directions. I think there may have even been a river down below. The colors were brighter and more beautiful than any waking moment. Not fakely so. Green grass/trees and white snow on the mountain tops, and lush(?) blue river off a bit of a way. Was spectacular and I knew it was all a dream. I walked over to the side of the structure I was on and looked down out of sheer curiosity. I was at one of the 4 corners and there was an enormous red support beam in that corner (as well as all corners, but I only saw the one). It was a massive support beam and it curved outward away from the building as it came toward the ground. Not a shit ton of curve, but maybe 15-20 degrees or so. This thing was freaking massive and I remember just being taken aback by how massive it was. Just one giant huge red steel beam with a nice (mathematically speaking) curve down toward the ground. It has "holes" in it like some beams do. I don't know the proper name for it, but I mean it wasn't just solid through and through you know?

So then I decided to test my brain. It's generating functionality more specifically. I looked around my view for a point of interest and saw a log.. hut/barn/thing. It wasn't too far away so I felt somewhat confident the lucid dream wouldn't end before I got there. Even though I didn't see it initially (or maybe I did), there was like a dirt path/mountain that came right up next to the tall structure I was standing on when the dream started. The dirt path had trees along the sides and I could only barely make out the log shed thing on the right side of the path from where I was standing. So somehow I hopped off the structure and onto that dirt path and walked to the wooden thing. I remember enjoying the walk and scenery and still feeling very lucid.

Taking a moment to reinforce how lucid it was: I felt "1:1". I even remember thinking something along those lines during the dream! It felt ENTIRELY REALISTIC and yet I knew I was in a dream. Some/most/all(?) of my previous lucid dreams always had a "fuzzy" feeling to them... and they would be hard to hang onto. They would be incomplete or shaky or something similar. This one seemed perfectly realistic. I felt, and thought, I had reached a new level of consciousness or some other word that has yet to be made up! "1 in 1". Or something. One real life human being (me, awake) in one real life... dream being? IDFK. So hard to explain but it made sense at the time.

I remembered looking at the trees on the side of the road as I walked to the wooden thing. When I got to the wooden thing I can't remember what I saw. It was either nothing.... just an empty wooden shed (3 walls and a roof -- and twice as wide as it was deep (though just as tall as it was deep)).... or maybe I did see something there but can't for the life of me remember what it was. Maybe it was a horse or something... but I feel like I might be grasping for something to write here.

After that (maybe I got bored?), I remembered the structure I had been standing on and I wanted to look back at it and see what it looked like from that angle. Mind you since I was on top of it I had no idea what the fuck it looked like from the side. It was a "bowl"-ish structure but really a parking lot with walls on the side to keep you from falling off also summarizes it nicely. I don't remember the texture of the ground I was standing on, however... so don't think asphalt.

The structure was hidden by the trees I had walked by, though I could see a bit of the red beam off to the left and down a ways. I walked up the dirt path to get around the trees and to be able to see the structure. As soon as I came around the trees and was able to see it (or... ABOUT TO BE ABLE TO see it, I should say), the dream ended. I never got to see what the structure/bowl/parking-lot looked like from a side angle. I think that has some deep metaphorical meaning about us not being able to see ourselves and understand what we are etc etc. The QUESTION to life, the universe, and everything (I re-watched the TV series of Hitchhiker's the night before :-P).

Even though I was a bit sad that I didn't get to find out what it was, I was still happy that I had such a long, vivid, and enjoyable lucid dream. I hope that I've reached a new plateau in my brain and they happen more frequently... as they are quite fun. They are even more fun that drug trips (even though they probably ARE drug trips :-P).

Did I mention that in my second lucid dream I said/thought (can't remember which) in response to him saying "You are there": "No I am not". Logic drifted apart and the dream broke into.... voidality? IDFK. Like when I said that I drifted out of my brain and into space and saw myself and the kid on the grassy field as it all sort of washed away. Perhaps because none of it made sense.... or perhaps because it DID make sense and I had "beaten the level". IDFK.