0) Snowboard leg wrap admin oxygen bubble planet arrive early
1) Addams family cryo general
2) Burning wire wrap (sleeping pad?)
3) Girl, love pillar
4) Jail/Prison/Maybe-Mental-Hospital, guy talking to himself and/or me
5) Freeway


0) This one happened night before last. The rest were last night. I was tasked to install some soap or wet cleaning tissue dispensers somewhere. The location (of employment?) seemed to be a ski resort or some such. I think I asked someone where I should install it/them, and he may have recommended I install it 'under' some cabinet thing... or maybe he took the bunch of dispensers and did my job for me lol wut? The dream kind of transitioned and I was now at the top of a ski/snowboard hill. I think there was an avalanche about to crash down on a few of us from behind. I think I was snagged on something and almost got rekt by avalanche. The other ski instructors nearby (in red) seemed to be 'launching' up into the sky/air like planes/helicopters/spaceships... but at the same time this seemed perfectly normal and akin to them simply skiing down the hill to evade the avalanche. So there's a girl instructor/admin just in front of me and I can see she's preparing to lift off. Just as the avalanche wave is about to cave in on us, and just before she lifts off, I manage to grab onto her with my two legs. Maybe she grabbed behind her expecting a tree branch and grabbed my legs instead, idk. So anyways it's too noisy for me to say anything to her, my legs are the only way of getting her attention. I wrap my two legs around her arm. I squeeze tight to show her I'm human (and stuck and need help!), but not too tight that I'm forcing her to die with me. Right as she's in the process of lifting off, she realizes what's going on and cancels her liftoff and comes over next to me and puts up an admin bubble so we don't get rekt by the avalanche. I think oxygen was being put into that bubble, but I also think there was 50% of some other kind of air being put into it too (can't remember. hydogren? nitrogen? fuck it idk and honestly I'm no chemist so I barely know what any of them are anyways). I guess we do both later "lift off" out from under the avalanche. The lift off itself was skipped in the dream, I just remember being in outer space after that. An onboard computer told us something along the lines of "since you took blah blah blah (different) action, you're now ahead of the first-contact(recon?) team in arriving at the new destination planet (I guess we were evacuating the other one entirely? idk why we'd do that over a simple avalanche). I saw this as a sort of introduction to a Halo game (yeh I know I'm trying to be a CleanRoom Copyleftetarian, but eh Halo 1 and District 9 have the 'feel' that being the first two humans to arrive on this planet felt like) and wondered what came next.


1) All of the rest of these seemed to take place in the same fictional 'universe'/area. Err despite this one kind of taking place in a spaceship and the rest on the ground, they still seemed 'in the same universe'. So yea like I said, in a spaceship: some cryo tubes were opened up. A military warfighter from eons ago was woken up. He truly was legendary for his time, but his time was far back. That lady from the live action Addams Family movie was there in the space ship (and may have been the one to thaw him out). The lady who is also in The Life Aquatic. So yea she kind of does her whole "not impressed" attitude towards the guy's legendary'ness. She genuinely isn't impressed. She's a modern day being, whereas he's outdated as fuck. I think she's just kind of standing there bored/unimpressed (this seems to always be what she does in every movie lol (and she looks damn sexy as she does it)) and maybe talking casually with some other guy. I forget who that other guy is, maybe it's the husband on the Addams Family movie. So yea the now thawed out military guy does at some point make some other animal or some such explode with guts flying everywhere. He's trying to show off his moves, but she/they are still unimpressed.


2) Lucid. I was standing in a building in a staircase, on a flat surface mid-floor, where the stairs do a 180 and go further up. Looking through a window at the outside world. I saw a wrapped up thing on fire. It was either that flammable really fine metal sheet stuff (there was a fad where you tie it to the end of a rope and light it on fire and spin it around for the few seconds it was burning. EDIT: STEEL WOLL(sp?))... or it was a green camping sleeping pad. It looked like it could have been either one, but it definitely burned like the former (except for a much longer time). It was also much bigger than either of those usually are. Had the width of a small house and the diameter of an extremely obese man. It's length changed sporatically as it burned too. It seemed to grow mostly, but may have shrunk in between growth spurts too. The wind was blowing, and the scene made me worry that a building (either the one I was in, or ones nearby (the burning thing was in the middle of a grassy courtyard (which was also a small hill) with buildings sporatically encircling)) would catch fire. I watched it and worried. The wind changed directions sporatically too, so sometimes there didn't seem like a risk of the fire spreading, othertimes I thought it imminent. I finally became lucid somewhere around this time, ran down the stairs and out the doors and over towards the burning roll thing. I reached out my hand to touch it as I came close enough to be able to. Before my hand made contact, I wondered whether or not I'd feel any heat/pain. The moment my hand touched it, the whole thing instantaneously stopped being on fire. It made that hiss sound that a cigarette makes when you put it out in some water, then emitted an accurate amount of smoke.


3) Lucid. Seemed to be standing and waiting around in the lobby area of a building similar to (maybe the same) the one in (2). There was a cute little jailbait'ish (16? 17? Let's make it 18 to be politically correct) brunette over sitting (also waiting) with someone older, maybe her grandma or mom or dad. I was shy in front of her. We made a tiny bit of eye contact (any girl that looks in your eyes wants your babies ;-P), but not too much and I shylee (wat) looked at some pillar that was pretty close to being in front of her. This allowed both of us to get peeks at each other. The pillar thing I looked at was: from her point of view you stand up, take a practically immediate left out two glass doors to get outside, then an immediate right. Right there pushed up next to that building and next to the double doors was a cement pillar thing. Kind of had a tribal/ancient feel to it, but idk. There were also some scratchings/markings on it. Random shapes and circles and things. In the middle of the patterns/[half?]circles was the word 'LOVE". I don't really remember becoming lucid in this one either, but when I did become lucid then I went and stood over by that pillar again and I placed my body/face just so I could see her and not the person she was with, then I did that 'hey come over here' gesture with my head while making eye contact with her (very unlike our non-lucid interaction just moments before). I guess I felt extremely brave then after knowing it was a lucid dream (inb4 waking life is the same way). In case it wasn't obvious, the person she was sitting next to was to her right. She mouthed something like "ok" or maybe "what?", then stood up and came out the doors and walked over to me. I immediately wanted to kiss her, but just for fun or something idfk I showed her the markings on the pillar. Dream ended as she was looking at them (I shoulda got the kiss while I could).


4) I seemed to have been locked up in some place for a little while. Unsure where/why. I felt like I was on the bottom floor of a building where on the top floor (floor 5 or so) was where (1) took place (except this time we were in a building on the ground, not a spaceship like (1)). Some guy sitting in a chair facing a windowless wall is cracked up and talking to himself. You can tell he's been there too long. I hope that I won't be there as long as him, and try to be 'good' so I don't get time added. He's making random noises and fuck I can't remember any of the specific words but I do feel like he's saying some things to me, so I quietly respond to one of the things he says (regardless of whether or not it was even to me).


5) Lucid. Was walking on a freeway right smack dab in the middle (there was no divider). There was a slight incline that levelled out a little ways up, which meant I couldn't see very far in front of me, maybe a few hundred feet or so. At first the cars scared me. I may have wondered if I'm still drunk from last night (really did drink last night), but maybe that drunk-check went with some other part of one of these dreams idk tbh. I guess that check is probably what made me lucid. Once I became lucid I started charging at the cars intentionally. I went directly into oncoming traffic and played chicken with the very same cars that moments before were scaring the shit out of me. Whereas when I wasn't lucid the cars did actually get near me, when I was lucid and trying to fucking pick up a car and throw it like a superhero, the cars evaded me like no other. I only played 'chicken' with one car towards the beginning of the lucidity. I think that 'chicken' round was directly in the middle of the freeway. The car turned away from me really soon, didn't even make the game of chicken exciting (and I was dead set on not chickening out, of course). So yea like I said, all the cars were dodging me and I wanted to go 'through' one and/or pick one up and chuck it for lulz (using it's momentum to pivot it off of me into the air or some such). I kept thinking that if I was able to have one make contact with my body, that very likely I'd go straight through it, like a 3d model without a collision model (to give you a computer analogy). Maybe that's why they dodged me: maybe if I went through a car then my brain would fart and the lucid dream would stop? Well anyways, I started having a blast and laughing hysterically/maniacally while chasing cars left and right as they passed. Even did a quick juke thing (changed my direction in a short period of time) and held out my leg to try to 'trip' a car rofl. But yea that car dodged me too. So not more than a minute of this goes on, meanwhile I'm nearing the top of the slight incline I described earlier (since I'm running forward at the oncoming traffic). At some point I did turn around momentarily while trying to make contact with a car (right around the point in time where I tried to trip a car). When I turned back around and was facing my regular direction again, there now appeared a giant billboard on the ground and in the middle of the freeway, spanning both sides of the freeway (so cars would drive through the billboard if this were reality). The contents of the billboard were roughly divided into thirds, but the left and right sides had more space than the middle. In the middle of the billboard there was a being. A dark (brown-ish) leathery skinned alien type being. Had pointy ears like an elf, and an indescribable (I forget tbh) smile, the kind of smile only a /b/tard could appreciate. Both the left and right sides of the the billboard were identical: giant red letters that said "MEDICAL ATTENTION". It seemed to imply mental health, and maybe I'm remembering the words wrong and they did in fact use the word 'mental'. Anyways... it was kind of weird to see in MY lucid dream (my forelobe didn't summon it, must have been yee ole subconscience)... but I kept on laughing hysterically/maniacally and having a good time and forging forwards. I did then and there interpret it as a warning of imminent insanity, but I didn't let it ruin my immediate mood. I charged straight through the billboard. There was no collision to it, I just went straight through it. Was now standing at the top of the 'slight incline' of the freeway, and as such could now see much further into the distance. I saw a building off in the distance, looked like your average business building. A little bit, but not too, wide, and maybe 10-20 stories tall. Suspended in the air right in front of the top of the building was some kind of brown organ thing. I didn't get a good look at it, but I am/was under the impression that it was, or represented, a heart. I only got a very brief glance at this building and heart before the dream ended and I woke up thinking how badass it was that I just had 3 lucids and could still remember all of them (and even some non-lucids woot).