had a dream last night where a few different things happen
i had sex with my friend katelyn and i remember her saying something along the lines of: now we can be ourselves around each other
or something or other
it was just like that 'after you cum you are honest' type thing, except she was saying it with relation to herself as well
i don't 'physically remember' (tm) any penetration or anything but it was still pretty fucking hot :-D


i remember another part of the same dream (way different part) where i was like swimming in some pool thing

OH SHIT I THOUGHT OF (DURING THE DREAM) A COOOOOL FUCKING AMUSEMENT PARK RIDE:
like superman'ish except not
you go forward and up, straight up, very very slowly
the whole thing about it is building tension
you go upp really high and then once you are up pretty damn high you start to slowly level out. so i guess it's kinda like an S except no overhang, just 'striaght up' for the middle portion


but yea, it's REALLY REALLY fucking high (as high as superman before it starts to level out) and you go up REALLY REALLY SLOW

you also level out pretty slowly, as mentioned


once you get to the top and JUST BEFORE you are completely level (dreams = crushed), the front of your coaster taps like a coin taped against the wall
above the wall is a picture of a scary fucking clown: i was thinking the one from It.
as the front and pointy part of your ride perfectly taps the coin on the wall, just below the clown, you hear a 'ding'
just like a nice elevator type ding
like a little bell or whatever

and then: the fucking ride DROPS YOU
oh my god that would scare the fuck out of me and anyone
TODOreq: build it (they will come)

so yea you go down that curved shit this time with gravity bringing you down at full speed

obviously anyone with a good mind for physics can tell you there would be negative Gs
the rate at which the curve happens needs to be MATH'd so that the peoples guts don't come out of their mouth (causing death)
it should be uncomfortable and give you crazy fucking butterflies... but should not cause death (death is expensive ;-))


that's pretty much it
it can rock back and forth a few times to slow down (another hill back behind the loading station)
or just have some brakes at the loading station to stop them after the first drop (though i prefer rocking back and forth (just more time = less money (business and/or amusement parks are like that))




now back to that dream with lots of parts. i guess it had 4 instead of 3 :-P


the next part i was swimming in like a pool ish area and was with my elementary school classmates
the most notable of which was ashley
we just played and flirted like whatever normal and shit
idfk anything in particular about it
but i remember getting out to go to the bathroom and like standing there prairy dogging it waiting for the bathroom queue to empty
i stood there for far too long and even talked to ashley's father during the wait
i remember him saying: thank you for talking to my daughter and building her confidence
i was confused/baffled and asked if he was being sarcastic, and he told me he wasn't
i guess it KIND OF makes sense
she had the courage to say she had a crush on me and i was too much of a vagina to say i thought she was cute too
but i still gave her PLENTY of attention ;-)
man i was such a noob
coulda smashed that shit i bet
the plenty of attention still probably helped with her confidence though... i guess????

so yea lots of people cut in front of me to get in the bathroom and eventually i just walked over and stood right next to the door because i HAD TO BE the next one in

i remember like turning around so my ass was facing the wall so nobody could see me prairy dogging
after getting in the bathroom i looked and there was a bulge of shit coming out of my ass
for some reason (not logical) i was pantless when walking towards the door/wall and i think some random onlooker saw the poop
lmfao.

and yea i remember also looking at my shorts/boxers/swimming-suit(?) which were white and seeing shit stains in them. i was disappointed in myself




and now the 4th part, i was like doing something i have no idea what but i somehow got a friend of mine trapped in some fucking.... trap. i don't even remember what it was, but he was detained in it. i remember asking "if i let you out, are you going to retaliate?", to which he replied yes. i concluded that i'd have to kill and bury him, even though he was my friend and the look on his face as i told him made me feel sorry for him.

SOMEHOW he escaped and at that point i was scared so i was rigging a webcam to look out my window (i was trying to be all sneaky about it and remember thinking i'd put a piece of tape over the webcam 'on' light). as i was putting up the webcam i saw him and his father come to the door. they knocked and his father came in and we sat and talked about the situation. his son stayed outside. i told him what happened (that it was an accident) and that since he promised retaliation i felt obliged to zero him out. the situation pretty much resolved itself as the father and i talked rationally. the son stayed outside and i knew his father would 'calm him down' or whatever and we all lived happily ever after the end
lol