2 different sized baseball bats and shattering one and almost shattering a... glass grandfather clock (sans clock)...

i was outside a house and for some reason out of anger i smashed a plastic semi-small baseball bat on the ground. i remember holding it by the handle and throwing it directly at the ground really hard so that it rotated and landed perfectly level on impact (very hard to time right). it shattered into lots of pieces and of course doing so brought me relief of sorts. venting etc. i remember now a helicopter (apache?) closing in on the house the i was at/near, and yet now i was "under" a garage (with no side walls (it didn't make much sense)) and could see the apache coming towards me. he was... mad(?)... that i had smashed the baseball bat and i feared for my life that he'd start shooting at me. i jumped upwards like fucking spider-man and clung to the ceiling of that garage thing so that the helicopter (might have been a plane) couldn't see me. i was hanging from some sort of metal thing. i figured if he didn't see me, he wouldn't shoot (but i knew full well that his bullets could pierce the building easily).

so then i dropped down or something and grabbed (this might have been before i jumped up idfk) the OTHER baseball bat, which was an oversized jumbo baseball bat. btw they were both plastic, idfk the relevance of that. i was happy to still have that one unshattered at least, and planned on taking it into the house and into my room to keep etc. i went in the house and the fear of helicopter disappeared for the same reason: he couldn't see me.

i don't remember doing much in the house EXCEPT 'snapping out of it'. snapping out of a state of delerium and/or crazy fucking trip. i snapped out of it right as a tall glass-like.. thing (resembled a grandfather clock but without the clock. idfk what it was.. just was expensive, you know?).. was falling towards the ground. i remember thing: OH FUCK THIS IS REALITY AND THAT THING IS ABOUT TO BREAK! so i caught it barely and stood it back upright. the delusional/delerious state was enjoyful for me. i was going wild intentionally. i might describe it as the state i wish to be in at post-launch (perhaps during a trip)... though in retrospect it was a terrible place to trip at.

towards the very bottom of the glass thing were 4 strings that were protruding out of it. the best way to describe them is to think of piano peddles... except they didn't look like them at all. so the 4 strings were like fixed to a glass thing that also extended out. each string was only a few inches long... and on top of each string was a red dot thing. they sort of resembled coricidin cough and colds, but without any markings and more perfectly round. 2 of them had either fallen off or were falling off from the entire grandfather clock almost falling (i remember it reaching ~45 degrees of falling -- dunno that's significance. it may have been just over 45 degrees too). i repositioned them back on the string the best i could and even though they were perfectly centered on the string like the other 2 (which somehow didn't move at all!), they still were centered enough to stay balanced on the string and not fall off.

right around this time my mom saw me and/or i saw my mom up on a balcony in the house and she kinda knew what was up (idk if she knew i was tripping balls though). she like demanded i "bring it to her" (which doesn't make any sense since it was too big to carry)... sort of like to prove that it wasn't broken. idk and i don't remember much else in the dream
















i wonder if the whole "couldn't see me" shit has to do with my contemplating anonymity?









this dream tells me that i am perhaps too reckless with my life but i am still able to save it (even if not perfectly?) 'enough' ??? something like that. also the whole anonymity undertones are being analyzed to death as i write this even now.


it also tells me that i need to be in good and safe environments when i subject myself to delerium so i don't "break the world" (others, other things, or myself)