1) dog
2) tanner
3) data tiki monster


1) I brought a dog to a guy in a room and he said he wouldn't accept the dog like that, and I chuckled and said "oh of course lol" because I had forgotten a step. I then moved my dog a few feet away from another almost-done-with-missing-step guy/dog (3 people, 2 dogs in room) and began the step. I cut the dog's fucking head off with a serated kitchen knife. I tried to put squirming dog out of his misery as fast as possible, and I had (had:hate) to sever two "spinal coords". His neck/skin had sort of fallen off/away from the actual spinal coord during the beheading and somehow the skin portion of his neck counted as the other spinal coord. I sliced through both the actual spinal coord and the chunk of skin on the back of his neck while using the ground as a cutting board... finally making the dog motionless and silent. I guess I was preparing the dog to be eaten, though the dream never got that far.

Somehow later I saw the inside of it's head/etc. The brain was ice cubes from Sonic (those soft crunchy ones), the spinal coord was a sort of serpentine belt with longish (length-wise) oval holes in it every few inches (1-2 inch long holes in a 1 in wide serpentine belt, with mb .2-.5 inch gaps between each hole). For the brain was some rock or marble or something kinda small and round, I forget what, and the serpentine belt wrapped around it and continued back down the other way (the spinal coord had two lengths).


2) Lots of shooting and I think Tanner died early on or maybe he was a hostage but I forget. Took place at his Cali house and his mom gave me a Shotgun or maybe I already had it, and she told me that the shells I was loading it with were good for hunting birds but I'd need to use security rounds against people. We were walking toward a shed/room attached to their house to get the security shells when we were attacked and I think she died. I ran off away from the house and was glad I wasn't in the shed/room, because in there I'd be pinned down (and fucked). I ran pretty far and remember there being a sewer system under a forest (and the city) that you could move around in unnoticed and I think I plotted to attack their base thing but idk it's all sort of blurry from here.


3) This one was not a dream but I thought maybe it was: I awoke and saw a Tiki monster standing in my doorway and he/it was wearing a giant mask and like doing a dance type thing while pointing at my data that lays on my desk. He kept swaying back and forth and pointing at it and it looked like he wanted me to go back to sleep so he could walk in and take it. I stared at him for a while just confused as fuck and wondering whether or not it was a dream. I was pretty sure it wasn't a dream, because I can usually tell when they're NOT dreams (determining that they ARE dreams is much more difficult), which made the experience all the more confusing. After a minute or two of staring, I figured out that it was just lighting/shadows on the wall in my hallway.... why it was moving at first I have no idea (probably just in my head). I was more cautious about saying something to it this time because even though it looked real, I was pretty sure it wasn't. If it would have stepped further into my room and in plainer sight, then I definitely would have (and planned to).