Dreams:
1) Fire
2) Lucid pit

Destiny Squeeze


1) At my old California house, my dad and I were outside and saw a light over the hills. It reminded me of the fire episode near the end of M.A.S.H. Not long after seeing it, we saw the land across our ravine on fire and realized our own house was in danger of burning down. My dad journied down through the ravine to try to help put out the fire... but I mean it was pretty obvious that the shit was spreading too fast for the people to put it out. I wandered a bit away from our house and was communicating by yelling with my father some stuff about the fires, when I turned around and saw our own house now catching. I ran back as fast as I could, to get mah dahtah xD (ofc!). The fire burned our house QUICK! By the time I got there, the fire had devoured all/most of our house. Somehow, my room was mostly fine and my computer especially was still in tact! Woot! I picked it up and I think I might have gotten my 1tb drive (between the two, it's all my data (the 1tb usually has dated 'live' (on computer) info, but only by months max... so even if I only got the 1tb it would have been fine (but getting only the computer wouldn't have been :-/)). I was sad about all the other lost stuff in the house; my parents' albums and goods and things... but of course I am self centered so I mostly worried about my own shit. I worried about CP on thumb drives laying around that might be found unburnt and examined... but there was no time for that. We left the area/house and went to some refuge center. There were others there, and I was surprised that we were called relatively quickly to be put into temporary housing. They brought us to a gym and said "this is your area". It was obvious that they were going to pile in hundreds/thousands others, we just happened to be the first-ish (because we'd bitch about it if we came later?). I worried about leaving my computer in a public area like that... and I also worried about being labeled "the guy who guards his computer 24/7" (because then they'd become curious etc and jack that shit).


2) Instantly, I was hanging on a ledge in a dark room. Err, the ledge I was hanging onto was about 1-2 inches, could just barely get my fingers on it... and the same 1-2 inch thing down where my feet were. Behind me, about 5-10 feet, was an actual ledge. One that I could have stood up on and walked around very easily. How "wide" that ledge was was in fact indeterminable: I could not see the "wall" to mark it's end... so it could have been an infinite length platform for all I knew. Anyways, the pit I was hanging over was rectangular and finite. To my left and right was much further than the 5-10 feet... Maybe a hundred or two in each direction. I was hanging there and my first thought was it was a dream. BAM I was lucid. I wanted to jump into the pit (whose bottom I couldn't see either (faded to black pretty quick)). However, I was not 100% convince I was dreaming. I tried to perform various tests... but either the fear of possibly hanging over my death... or just the fact that my hands were busy hanging on for dear life.... made performing conclusive tests difficult. I remember distinctly "feeling" (FELT SO REAL THAT I MIGHT HAVE ACTUALLY DONE IT "IN BED") my left forearm flex really hard as I re-grabbed the ledge (I took it off to perform a test I think). The real-ness of it made me doubt even further that it was a dream: but where was I?? How did I get there? Somehow I was able to piece together it being not too far from my home/room... but I still coulnd't pinpoint it other than it might have been a real place. Taking the safer option, I decided to shimmy around the ledge to my right to try to get up on the wider platform... where I could perform the tests again etc. I only shimmy'd a few shimmys to my right before I lost my grip on the 1-2 inch ledge and started falling. I knew this was it unless I could grab onto the 1-2 inch ledge my feet were standing on: FAIL (touched it, but couldn't grip it). I fell down in a mode of panick and hoped it was a dream. I specifically remember blowing out all of the air in my lungs as I fell (I analyzed this later while semi-awake and concluded it was a naturally selected instinct: falling from say 5-15 ft, an animal has a better chance of survival if there isn't air in their longs to get.... "shot" around internally upon impact with the ground)... and I wondered if the pit was (infinitely?) deep or only 30-50ft (still enough to cause death). Everything went black and I never touched the bottom. I lost all sensory input. I was in a void. Still freaking out fearing death, I woke myself up. The moment I woke up, I was disappointed that I was unable to confirm that it was a lucid dream: would have been fun to have jumped in the pit with confidence and dgaf.

The symbology (sup Willem) of this dream pertains to IMT. Our emerged life is like hanging on a ledge. You can cling for dear life and try to climb to safety: but you're going to fall no matter what. It's better to let go and enjoy the fall. We can never be sure that this isn't a dream (though I am PRETTY sure (whatever the fuck that means)). It's better to accept lucidity ("control", "free will") and to enjoy the moments of it; death catches up no matter what. STILL, would it have been wise to jump down into the pit and to bring about death instantly/sooner? NO! That's our largest dilemma. Finding the perfect balance of "living NOW" vs. "playing it safe so as to stay alive". Imfuckingpossible. In fact, just like paranoia: you either are living too much now OR you're playing it too safe. The sweet spot is near impossible. So which is the better side to be wrong on? OBVIOUSLY, the living NOW side. If you play it too safe always, you never live (staying alive is not living (this sentence makes me lol, but really it's apparent confusion is only caused by multiple meanings of the same word)).

Our programming, aka Natural Selection, has us on the "playing it too safe" side by default: it's [logical] goal is survival, not enjoyment/fulfillment.


Destiny Squeeze: I woke up a few times last night (so this isn't exactly a dream), and I thought about this launch and stuff. I thought about a phone call with a girl just before the launch... like last words type shit (idk what I'd say tho). I thought about my destiny and got a weird type of feeling in me. I felt angry and adrenalized/happy simultaneously. All my muscles flexed maximally and I might have even let out a grunt (even felt like I was gonna break my teeth). It was pleasure and pain simultaneously. It was fear and excite. I felt as though a metal wire was wrapped around my body and squeezing me purple. My destiny is calling and I can't escape it. The reason I'm putting this in a dream doc is because it took place TWICE (the other time, I didn't call a girl... did something else I forget) in between asleeps. And when I woke up later in the morning... the feeling in my body was completely different. I wondered if it was a dream... but actually I don't think it was because I could see my pillow and wall/window-blinds right in front of me. Maybe it was my subconscious climbing out of the realm of sleep... and that's why it felt so different?

All batshit random theories aside, I do believe that there is a final integration stage between our forelobe and subconscious. Whether it comes in my lifetime, or in some evolutionarily advanced being X (thousands? millions? who knows...) years from now... I haven't the slightest. But it makes sense that we do integrate completely. Oh cool a segway into my next doc... the first line of which I wrote before writing the bulk of this doc.