Few nights ago: me and some dream girl type girl were going upward to the top of some weird building type thing. We got to the top, which also had doors to go outside, and were hesitant to go out because it was raining outside. I talked her into it saying rain is fun or whatever and yea we went out there even though most everybody else was inside. Nearby was the starting path to a ski trail that I had known about previously. We went down it and I noticed there were random markings made by people other than me as sort of warnings or something. Not necessarily warnings but I guess you could say just random people added their own opinions. The trail was made by me (or at least, I was the first to put random writings on it periodically) and the things I wrote about were along the lines of copyleft type shit: "speak your mind and copyleft it"... and the counter arguments others wrote were like "don't" n shit (they were obviously more elaborate). My writings were in red and along the center of the path, and others' writings were differently colored and on the sides and stuff. I remember thinking that I was sad or something that I didn't have my voice recorder on me as me and the girl ski'd down the hill.

Dream last night where at the end of some videogame was a special hidden level on top of the normal ending. It was a secret and/or easter egg and it seemed so realistic and I still am now wondering if it was from some game, and which it is. 2nd cousin by adoption Tanner and his brother seemed to have told me about it and shown me the secret easter egg ending, but I still can't think of a game which leads me to think it was just imaginary. The regular ending would occur, and you'd climb up higher above onto some mountain and you'd have your own series of save points up there, aside from the regular game. It was ridiculously hard, but you had unlimited tries. There was on weird jump part where you had to jump a car and land on a rail barely (halo 1 physics) and like grind and/or pull yourself sideways on that rail until you got back onto land part again. That was by far the hardest part (I recall one shotting it luckily in the dream (I knew the strat, which was why)). Right when you get back on the land you have to know another thing: slow the fuck down right away. If you don't, you become airborne during a steep drop off right before the finish line, and if you do that you go over the finish line and blow up. I did overshoot it the first time, but a second time (I think my save state brought me after the rail jump thing) I think I went down the hill slowly and finished.