Had a long and elaborate dream that eventually became almost-lucid at the very end just now, like minutes ago!

First, a context keyword dump of the dream (aka "outline"):

lemon lime soda
refrigerator cut in half
re-assembly attempt with extra plug and father
office cleaners explain extra is backup
walking through office silent with ultra stuffy nose
steve shaved head not recognizeable
"if you just walk in quiet and don't say anything, you're out of here" general announcement [obviously aimed at me]
i was in charge of [training (only?)] multiple other employees now since i had been there before
blurr here
in a classroom of 30 now
getting by doing nothing for a while
teacher calls me up to the front and i stumble and explain myself, almost getting fired
stand there for a while
a mention about me requesting nudes (??????)
a black girl in the 2nd row and way off to my left (i'm standing at the front facing the class) whose left tit (her left) was hanging out as she talked about something
"i'll give you a dollar for every notch"
is this a dream? (response:no)
sad with so many people
trillions of generated molecules
me leaning against front wall, still sad, sitting soaking it all in wanting it to go on longer
i analyze my finger[print], plan on getting up to go search for a mirror
teacher leaves, everybody cheering (only then do i become quite sure it's a lucid dream)
fade to wake up


omfg i wrote something on a laptop thinking it was real life and was pissed, even in the dream, when i lost it. i searched for "recover nano buffer" (the save failed) and someone told me: "sorry you're shit out of luck". BUT OH GOD I CAN _ALMOST_ REMEMBER THE ACTUAL CONTENT!!!!!!!!!!! (it had nothing to do with the rest of the dream)
^it's possible i only imagined and convinced myself that a screen's worth of text was valuable and then lost... but seriously i do kinda remember actually writing something and there being a subject
^^i was simultanously don't a 1tb hdd copy... and it failed too (but i cared less since no data was lost here)


I somehow got re-hired at my old real estate job. On the way in I grabbed a lemon lime soda from the refrigerator for employees. The refrigerator broke into 3 pieces (back was 1 piece and the 2 doors each came off (but had just as much "depth" as the back)) and I tried to like shove them back together so the cold air wouldn't escape and I think I even tried to screw them back together with something idfk. My father also tried to help with the re-assembly but I think he was more obsessed with finding where the plug went, whereas I could tell it was already giving off cold air so I didn't really care.

Weird that I just now remember a scene with my mom and dad and I (all a tangent I guess, but seemed to come here chronologically) eating pizza and wings. I remember trying to make conversation with my parents but all I could come up with was that the pizza was like perfect and amazing (it was (now I know why lmfao)!). It had soft crust yet with bits of the crust still being crispy. The perfect balance.

Eventually we give up and as we're walking away there's a few office cleaners that arrive at the same time and I/we ask what the 2nd/3rd (there were 2 extra come to think of it) is for and they explain that it's just for backup if the first fails.

So I stuff the soda in my pocket and never see it again for the rest of the dream (but I do remember thinking about whether it was still there or not, sometime later(???)). I walked through the front of the office toward the back where I used to work, but I was silent and just didn't say anything to anyone... and I think it was because I had a really fucking stuffed up nose. I mean like Michael Jackson status: it felt smaller too! I felt miserable and didn't want to squeak/whatever as I talked, so I didn't. I passed all the employees that I normally would have said hi to (back when I had the job), and I felt stupid for doing so especially considering it was my first day back!

When I got to the back/basement I sat there for a while and there were a few other kids there too. Steve/Joe came down and one of them said the bit about "if you just come in here all quiet and not saying anything to anyone -- this job's not for you" or something. idfk. Steve had a shaved head and I had to stare at him for a bit to recognize him. I chalked it up to it being so long since I saw him last. I got wind of the fact that I'd be just above the other 5-6 kids there and we'd all be doing the same thing.. but since I had been an employee before, I had rank.

I think I woke up in between these parts of the dream and went back to sleep, but at the very least there was a blurry gap here.

I was now in a classroom of 30 or so and this was to be the working environment. I sat in the back of the room for quite a while and got away with doing nothing. I think I had a conversation with someone else back there but I can't remember about what and it was interrupted by the teacher calling me to the front. The lady teacher was somehow the boss of the place (Steve/Joe weren't in dream any longer). We got along well (in real life, too!). I sort of tripped and slid my shoes and stumbled up to her desk... and I apologized and tried to explain that I was ridiculously tired and that it was a one time thing since it was my first day back and I didn't even know about the job yesterday/last night. I felt as though I was already about to get fired, but the combination of her understanding the explaination, us getting along, and her warning that I can't do it again, made her let me stay. I stood at her desk for a while while her and another, slightly younger, lady talked. I eventually asked, "what did you need me for?" and was handed a pretty large piece of paper and I think it had a drawing. It reminded me of Caydon's drawings he sometimes brings me. They didn't tell me what to do with it so I just stood there holding it for a while.

Oh yea before the paper was handed to me and right around the fumbling/explaining/warning, she made a comment about how they'd be overlooking the fact that I asked someone for nudes. I racked my brain to figure out what they were talking about, but couldn't come up with anything. So I thought maybe they had spied on me in my day to day life.. in which case there could have been many times they could have heard that (I hate this sentence (because of it's structure)).

While standing I turned around to face the class and just watched the class interact with each other. A black girl was talking to someone and her tit was hanging out accidentally. She noticed and covered it up with her arm.

A "main guy" (who? me? wtf? (I think he was adult'ish (like an aid))) talking to the class comedian and the kid made a joke about "if you teach me I'll give you a dollar for every notch". They were talking about teeworlds and making them hop up "notches" (steps) while hooking into the ground. Somehow it related to travelling around the world (some nordic country). The joke the kid made rhymed (maybe) and had good timing and was genuinely funny.

So a bit more time goes by and I'm still standing at the front looking back at the class... and eventually I get the idea that this might be a dream! I become tempted to get up on the desk and start dancing and acting like a maniac just for fun, but I pause with 1 foot perched up on the desk (Washington/Columbus(?) on a boat arriving at the shoreline picture/scene) and hold out my left hand in front of me with slightly curved fingers and say: "is this a dream?" -- asking myself but still appearing to address the class. A fat'ish kid in the front row and right in front of me (seemed slightly alpha male and the "class leader") answered "no". The reason I became hesitant that I might NOT be dreaming was because of the delerious/fumbling state I had been in while walking up to the teacher's desk. By the time I asked if it was a dream, I was even more tired so I couldn't be sure one way or another. I didn't want to lose the job by doing something _THAT_ ridiculous (whereas if I confirmed it's a dream then NO RULEZ APPLY <3).

I got down from the desk I had my leg on and looked at my left index finger as a test for if I'm dreaming or not. I saw the texture of my fingerprint. It looked realistic as fuck, but actually a TAD bit too smooth.

I was actually pretty sure that I was dreaming, just not 100%. I leaned against the front wall looking back at the class and became sad at thinking that I'd probably never be in a room with so many other kids ever again. I thought school was good at the very least because it forces you to interact with others (indeed, my grand education rework does/should include forced social interaction (and perhaps in large groups too)). I at one point remembered that after I launched I might be able to gather that many people in a single room (and I might actually like them all too!) so I cheered up a bit at that hope.

At some point I planned to get up and go find a bathroom and look in a mirror, but when exactly I did/planned that I don't remember. Towards the end but might have been right after the fingerprint analysis.

I leaned against the front wall and just soaked it all in. I was almost certain that I was dreaming at this point... and even though I could feel "free will" control of the dream becoming apparent, I just wanted to stay there and watch the classroom interact. I could make out such vivid detail of a blonde girl's wavy hair. THE TEXTURE! I was impressed with my brain's ability to simulate trillions of molecules and entire classroom of students interacting. Maybe it was overload for my brain though because eventually stupidity started to take hold of the class. Before, I had pinpoint focusing on individual students/things in the classroom so it wasn't hard for my brain to simulate... but as I sat there laying against the wall I just watched the class as a whole with no focus point.

The teacher/boss-lady left (I didn't see her leave but it was just known to me) and the students starting acting stupid and going apeshit and cheering all loudly. Only at that point was I 100% sure it was a dream. I tried my hardest to hold onto the dream anyways... but I woke up. I woke up still sad that I probably won't have such social interactions ever again... unless I launch ;-).