Had two dreams recently (not on the same night) where I got in a gun fight. NDEs etc. Seemed real yo.

The first one I was just like checking out some noises in my living room because it sounded like I was being robbed. I had a gun for self protection and he had a gun for self protection. The robbery went bad when both of us fired at each other in self defense. I think we both died?

It was a tallish skinny guy with longish hair and a backwards hat. KINDA resembled my friend Luke but was definitely not him. I just sort of "knew" he was a robber by the way he looked.



OK STOPPING HERE BECAUSE I GET IT


We are, humans, robbing the universe of atoms. Or at least probably (though MAYBE not?) irreversably converting atoms (and absorbing their energy). Another robber, an alien species who operates on a different frequency, sees us and we both destroy ourselves before we can talk it out.



Whatever with that trying to find meaning in it, back to the details: before we could like talk or something (we very likely could have just gone our own ways) we both just reacted and opened fire. Time slowed down and all that. The gun I shot became very hard to aim and I felt a disgust/disapproval/SADNESS that my life depended on my accuracy in that one situation. He shot me first I think.. but it all happened so fast I don't know. I remember a single vector frame freezing and I sort of stopped and thought it as "my last vector frame". It was fucking scary. Time resumed (though still slow and..... HEAVY/mushy (I felt shot and dying)) and I was able to squeeze off some shots as I fell down to the ground. The girl there, my old neighbor, "said" (but maybe not because we were in slo-mo idfk) somehow: you need to kill this guy or you are dead. Or maybe I said it to myself idfk what she had to do with it. I just remember seeing her in my vision as I had that thought maybe. My bullets gave back a huge kick. Hard to explain it. I felt as though my entire body moved back as I shot. There was also water streams behind the bullets I shot. KIND OF like the Matrix except they weren't just ripples. It was a solid stream of water following the bullet... maybe just a little bit wider than the bullet itself. Water "shot" at my opponent and I was pushed back by each shot (2 or 3 tops).

I think I killed him, but I'll never know. The dream ended.







The next one was freaking weird too, but in a different way.

So like we're in like prison or something or maybe it was just the military or maybe even none of the above. Shit was unclear. But yea anyway there was like 2 "yards" and a hill in the middle. The 2 sides were at war with each other. I had a team and there was the other. We couldn't directly see the enemy team as a whole but we could, in the distance, see individuals running around on the far side of the field (as they probably saw on ours). I don't know why, but we didn't go on the other side of the field. Or maybe we just didn't..... YET. IDFK.

So anyways I was like laying prone right up next to the hill and was parallel with it. There was a bush to my left and the hill to my right. I remember seeing/hearing like a really rapid firing machine gun and it was shooting to, but possibly even FROM, the other side. I was quite certain that it was my team driving/firing it, but since it was right over that bush I was laying behind, I didn't want to like peak up and check, you know? Friendly fire exists. Still, I think I "heard" the tank engine/wheels over to my left so I am pretty sure it was ours.


Not much later, I see an enemy cross over the hill and dive prone on our side. In the same area I am in but maybe like 50ft ahead of me. I can't remember what he does there or if he even gets any shots off: I blast him. It was weird because it was just one shot at first with precise aiming but then fear kicked in and I fucking unloaded on him: wasn't about to risk death. He fucking died. Pretty sure I killed him but hell it might have even been my teammates. Guns firing everywhere, typical war zone type shit.

Moments later, a fucking grenade projectile from gren launcher comes and lands in my face (he obviously saw my gunfire). I die.


I get carried off to some fucking like surgeon area or something and, this is where it gets weird, I hack life. Or something. Because I'm a member of some gang (don't want to mention it and I think it only has a metaphorical representation in this dream (though I will say it is race/white related)), the special gang-surgeon is able to revive me. He is able to give me another life! Since I am a member of that gang, me and all gang members get infinite lives! We never die then! It was weird because I still felt a fear of death even with my second body. I remember seeing that one fat'ish male detective from Dexter (the one with the hat)... can't remember his name (though I will mention he is hispanic just to help with my whole I'M NOT RACIST spiel)... saying to me: "You be more careful" or something... and: "I carried your body out of there. You're lucky to still be alive" or something. For some reason I felt forbidden from telling him that I was now in a new body and I had new body hacks. He either wouldn't have understood or would have been jealous or I don't fucking know what. (But he was still on my team -- I'M NOT RACIST).

I can't remember what happened next but I think just like more gun battles and me thinking about what the fuck / how the fuck I was able to continue living in a different body.

I'm searching for and finding random connections to infinite multiverse theory implications ;-P


To be honest, it all sounded like complete bullshit. Sounded fake. My IMTI shit sounds kind of fake too... guh decisions decisions... not like my life depends on it oh right it does both ways.