Dreams:
1) Faulty logic
2) shootout, brother back box house, 2nd place, hannah warn, 3rd place, angry/comedy news, creepy conan, bored, sunset + desk choice, setup + realize no video-camera/audio-mic, wake up hoping not dream while sleeping at 2nd place, relieved to be in this reality


1) A torturous dream for a programmer. Basic ass logic, the kind you rely on hundreds/thousands of times per app, wasn't working. I can't remember exactly what it was but I analyzed it and 'solved' it multiple times (was like 10 lines with 2 scope levels) back and forth multiple ways and each time gave unpredictable results (can't describe how though, it slips my mind). I think towards the end I was starting to become pretty sure (though not 100% sure) that it was a dream... because it just didn't make sense.


2) I don't remember the actual incident, but there was a shootout at my house where I lived with my mom (and I guess brother). Neither of these were my actual mom/brother. I think I changed roles between myself and my brother multiple times here in the beginning (brother disappears as of 2nd place), but I remember one yelling at the other saying that he must leave because of the shootout (can't/shouldn't put mom in danger like that). Both brothers were equally responsible for the shootout, but only one was hesitant to leave. One of them (again not sure) told the other to go out to his small shitty shed/cardboard-house (not sure if cardboard) that had a small entrance and to pack up his shit for leaving. It was like he was living in an old house that was right next to the regular house [that got shot up] and he stopped paying rent on it but still kept on living there sneakily through some extra door (probably created). I had a flash in this dream right around this time (though it seemed disconnected entirely) where Hannah's offer to live with her was on the table and I thought it fair to warn her that my house just got shot up. Snapping back into the dream she wasn't even there anymore and so obviously I didn't live with her in the 2nd place. I don't recall even seeing my brother or even the 2nd place at all or any events that happened there. Eventually I guess something compelled me to move to a 3rd place, though I can't remember what (maybe I defaulted, idfk). The 3rd place was a long-ish studio that on one end had like 3 big glass windows so you could see much more of the view (they weren't perpendicular to one another), mb 15-25 degrees. On the end with the windows you would also be a tiny bit elevated because the house thing was on a hill that went downhill by then (the opposite side, where the door was, met the ground there). I was relaxing on my bed on the side of the house without the window, tucked away in my dark corner of existence, watching tv. It was a comedy show and the skit was "what newscasters do after the cut to commercials". In this variation of that overused joke, the newscasters became enraged willfully and started strangling each other for pleasure (they were all men), using ties or belts or whatever. It was all so forced but that's what made it kinda good. The funniness of it wore off kinda quick and now the camera was focused on a guy with a tall black cylinder afro, like from Class Action... except the cylinder was skinnier. He was trying to join in (improvise maybe) on the 'pain is fun' theme and he was like "oh no please don't smash my nose into the table" (to himself) and then he grabbed himself by the head (perhaps hair) and smashed his forehead into the desk (pretended to hit his nose). The rest of the newsmen were gathering/around him right around this same time and one of them reached his hand in front of the cylinder hair'd guys face and pretended to get blood on either his hand or a napkin or something. He then showed the camera the blood. It was a tiny little spot of blood and obviously fake, and there was something rigged to drip water from there as well. The water was clear and did not resemble blood. 

Now shit starts to get interesting. Sitting over behind them all (the 'pain is fun' theme/skit now over) the camera pans to conan, who is wearing a shit ton of makup. His entire face is painted white and his lips are painted black and kinda zig zaggy if you know what I mean. Kinda looked like a juggalo how far I've described him so far, but was much creepier (keep readin). His lips were spikey and gooey and they came together like teeth as he talked. They were wet and slimy and I was like "hmm what good special effects" and thinking that it looked almost too real to be faked (but now I know it was all in mah head). The way he talked was creepy too. He spouted nonsense and I of course felt like it was the illuminati speaking through him to me. Can't remember any coherent words at this part. A bit later (seconds/minutes), one of the other people off camera held up a picture of lips in front of his mouth. I think the picture of lips was animated (so it could have been a tablet or some kind of screen idfk) and they were just regular lips. Conan talked behind the thing being held up and I think there were also multiple audio tracks just to fuck with you. The regular lips were saying something normal in some girl voice (and I think they even transitioned to different lips/voice/tablet over from the other side (left/right) after a matter of seconds) and conan was of course speaking jibberish. This part of course jumped out at me and I tried to follow conan's audio track. He read of a series of numbers 679 or something were maybe some of them, and then towards the end he started saying "bee bee bee bee [B-B-B-B-B-B_B_]" really fast and the tablets were taken down and it was just him saying B over and over. I felt ripped off at this point because saying 1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1 is so totally my thing ;-P (am kinda relieved and shocked that I now own the copyright to this all :-P). A little bit more of him saying stuff I can't even remember, and I eventually got bored and just turned it off and walked to the other side of the house with the window. I concluded in my dream that this was conan's attempt to 'take it up a notch' so as to compete with yours truly. Now that I'm awake I'm pretty sure he'd never do that (except as mocking me (but now that I've said he will (...)) ... especially not on a permanent basis as was implied on the tv in my dream... because he'd scare the fuck out of 90% of his audience, and he is a profit whore for NBC (as in, NBC will fire him if he doesn't tell jokes that appeal to the masses).

So anyways I decide to start unpacking my shit since I just moved here and I was trying to figure out a good place to put my desk. Since there was a nice sunset that I was also looking at, I decided to put my desk right over there in/near the window so I could take advantage of the window. I saw this as a change from my younger self, who probably would have tucked the desk/computer back in on the otherside (so he could both hide and look at porn in private (now i enjoy porn in public muahahahaha))... and perhaps facing a different direction (although it doens't make sense now writing it because the direction I ended up choosing had the monitors facing 'away' from the window). I stood there where my desk would be in a few moments and thought about 'launch'. I was going for it and this house would be the place. By leaving walking room between my desk and the window I could test 'fingers' alpha (likely wired to computer just feet away and not batter powered (dats beta/etc)) while looking out the window and such and it would be at least a good view. I decided to turn on my shitty video camera to film myself setting up the desk/computer right there, and planned to leave it on until launch itself.... but realized I left the camera and a lot of my stuff actually at the 2nd place (did plan to come back to get it, but was a hassle [since no car xD]). I was also kind of upset that I left my voice recorder there too in my safe there. I worried that if I didn't get it soon that the landlord would throw all my shit away and it'd be lost. The voice recorder was my most treasured item left behind (compy wasn't left behind of course), and I sort of woke up right then and there hoping I wasn't still living at the 2nd place (because moving to 3rd was a step toward launch). When I woke up in my actual bed/reality, I was relieved that none of it was real (because, I guess, I am closer to launch in this one than in either of those two).