Dream where Brandon and I were sea doo'ing on some skinny lake river thing and we went over to a sand bar beach shit and there was a hill of sand you had to climb over and on the other side of it was like an enclosed (by said same sand wall, and [...]) area and there was an ancient looking wall with a few head/face statues in front of it. On the other side of the wall was like a jungle or something idfk tbh. Wall was like 10-20ft, just a little higher than the sand hill. Someone said something along the lines of "the wall is always the same height as the face/head"... and even though it made sense metaphorically and all that (still kind of hard to put into words here/now what it meant, but if you're half a human you can probably get it)... the heads/faces themselves were like 4-5ft (not the same size as the wall). Still I didn't question it too much and was just chillen and then I heard someone back on the lake side of the sand hill steal our (brandon's) sea doo and so I ran after them (2 guys about our age). If they had kept going straight on the skinny lake river, they would have easily escaped me, but they turned left shortly after getting away from the beach and went into some hallway and now the pursuit was indoors and I think they were on a scooter (non-motorized I think, but maybe motorized) and I chased them left right left right left right and each time I'd turn a corner they'd be just about to turn the next one so I'd just barely get a glimpse of them and barely didn't lose them. I ran with all my might and I did gain on them and I figured if they stayed in here that I really had a chance of catching them. Eventually we got to a stair lobby and I jumped over a couch and grabbed the scooter by it's front bar and just held onto it and pulled. Some guy who I guess I'd describe as a camp counselor started walking down the stairs and it was those kids camp counselor so I stated that they had tried to steal it or something and then he was all like wagging his finger (metaphorically, idfk what he really did too blurry) and made the kids let go of the scooter. I was glad that the guy was there and that he came down and shamed his kids into letting go. Might have even thanked him and said that.