0) Bike flat tire, girls 16/21, monkey
1) Building partly fall
2) Sniper roof Caydon reflective, girl Justin engineer bank reward WTC 4 bodies glass
3) Dad pinetop ice slide into canal


0) At cali house I was working on my bike's flat tire (incidentally (or coinci-?) I have a flat tire IRL guh) at the top of the driveway, but behind the two walls (left one) if looking at house from street. Two jailbaits approach and talk about going to tempe; it's clear they want me to go and possibly even for me to drive. Oh right there is another guy there who is about my age, idfk who he is or why he's there (but he didn't seem out of place in the dream): perhaps a bike mechanic? Eventually they ask plainly about tempe and I just say "uhh..." and not much else. Then eventually I spit out "I defintely want to, but I think you two are too young for us" (and I may have even thrown in "well I can't speak for him"). Then one gets all snappy and says "you don't even know how old we are". I ask and of course that one (who looks 16) says 21. I ask to see ID and the one who didn't respond at all (implied she is > 18 tho) starts getting hers out of her purse (maybe seeing if I'll actually look at it). The 16 one says she doesn't have an ID. Most of this conversation somehow takes place on the (had:your (wtf)) hill right acrosss our house/circular-driveway-part, and I was walking down the hill to go examine the one girl's ID. A bunch of purses fall into a little hole/mini-ravine in the hill and some dirt I am walking on breaks loose and buries those purses. Weirdly not the purse she is currently digging into, but I expect/predict/suspect that she'll now claim her ID was in one of those purses buried. She didn't have time to respond before I saw what grabbed all of our attention: a little ~4 foot skinny monkey was standing (on two legs and with pretty vertical posture just like us) in the grass over by the round glass room thing by the house entrance. We walk towards it and one of the girls gets too close and it scares the monkey who almost runs away. I tell her to stop, she does, the monkey stays still. The other girls throws it a peanut or some other kind of food and the monkey eats it. The monkey looked cool, unlike any monkey I've seen before. It had gray and black fur and a pretty spherical and oversized dome. It had a wide grin with lots of round-ish teeth showing. It looked mildly intelligent. It MIGHT have been wearing a baseball hat (red or blue), but I'm pretty sure I (had:I might have) made that up also I can't remember.


1) Some hotel somewhere that seemed kind of old. A part of the entire building fell as we were inside it. Pretty scary but didn't get hurt. Don't remember much else.


2) There was a sniper in a building and me and a whole bunch of others were on the roof of a building across from it looking at the sniper (why? wouldn't he just shoot our faces?). We were laying on our stomachs and our heads were looking over the edge. Somehow my mom entered the dream and suggested Caydon put on a red reflective chest piece. Well, someone else suggested we all put them on so as to maybe blind the sniper if he is targetting us, but my mom suggested Caydon put one on. I worried that the intention of the reflective piece might confuse Caydon, who might now try to go out of his way to blind the sniper (and get shot in the process (had:doing so))... and that maybe the sniper being blinded might not see that it's just a child behind the light and shoot it where otherwise he might not (some killers have rules).

There was a hot girl up there who seemed to take interest in Justin V. and I. We both hit on her simultaneously and it comforted me to snuggle up against her arm. I didn't know how to suggest a threesome without making her sound like a whore, so I didn't. But I refused to let go of her and hell she also refused to let go of me (Justin was trying to fuck her solo right there). We eventually all 3 started walking back to her apartment. She told us a story about how an engineer on a game show (or who helped her get on a game show?) something blah blah idfk but she said she didn't get to properly reward him or something (idfk). She said as she was going to the bank to get money (for the reward I guess) she saw WTC 9/11 and witnessed 4 bodies jump out of the smoke and land on a glass thing below.


3) Dad and I were driving up to Pinetop and the weather was bad. Ice on the road at one point and he drove carefully so as not to crash. We pull up to a highway from the small road we are on, cars are going ~65 past us to our left and right, whereas we were going ~10. A car turns off that highway and my dad is accidentally in the left lane (because of the ice). He merges onto the left shoulder and stops. We slide down mud and into a canal. He gets pissed and I try to calm him down by saying let's just talk and relax.