Had a dream last night that I was called to some house where there were a few teenage kids (boys) wanting some fucking game server installed/configured on their comps or some shit. I can't remember the specifics but it was easy as fuck and they watched me type in a few easy commands to get it done. Their sister and mom were around too. The sister was especially pretty, even though I can't recall what she looked like. At one point in the dream I sat down on a couch next to her with my left leg tucked under my right thigh, and I let my left foot's toes touch her leg. She said something and I chalked it up to being an accident... even though I wanted her to know it wasn't, I didn't want her brothers/mom to know I was hitting on her. I wanted to ask her what age she was (and I hoped it was >= 18), but didn't/couldn't because of the family present. As she said "yes??" or something to me touching her leg (I forget what she said), her mom like peaked around a corner... I guess to the kitchen and looked at us with a creepy grin that sort of said "what are you doing to my daughter?", all investigative like. The mom was sitting in a chair facing the other way, her back to the wall that she peaked to the left and around to look at us on the couch. The sister got the signal and after her mom went back to facing the inside of the kitchen, she lightly tickled my same foot. Just one soft finger drag the length of my foot. Felt good and real etc. Not long after that I was leaving etc and I was walking around their neighborhood etc (which was only a few miles from mine) and I wanted to see her again and I remembered that I forget to get paid for my services. At that point I didn't give a shit about the money but I called them up (or somehow talked to them... maybe I returned?) and brought up the money. I really just wanted an excuse to maybe be able to talk to the sister and get her number/age and be able to talk to her when they aren't around. They decided to be assholes and to not pay me (this is why I don't do client work) and more or less said it was because what I did was so simple. I thought about (and maybe said idfk) how a thing can be simple for someone who knows what they're doing, but can take a nooby much longer to figure out. Is true and all that jazz. Fuck it the dream fell apart from here.


Had a dream a few nights ago where there was some files on a .... filesystem... that I wanted to delete. I was referring to them as child porn initially in the dream but towards the end of the dream I realized "well shit this isn't THAT bad after all" and added it to my special buy me some time collection. The video was of me fucking the shit out of Suzy. Throat fucking and pretty much raping her. It was brutal and she gagged a lot and yea. Tbh I don't know if it was just rough sex or actual rape (hard to differentiate the two when the girl is into rape sim)... but I'd actually lean more towards "real rape that after the fact she didn't really mind happening". So I went into some classroom kinda late and sat down in some chair and there was a big projector screen that the teacher controlled. I logged into bash and was getting ready to rm the file but then the teacher for some reason put my display up on the big projector. The class had also ended right about when I was sitting down and the teacher said something like "you have to leave NOW". All I wanted to do was rm the file and get the fuck out of there, but I couldn't ls etc without revealing what I'm doing and the file's existence to all my classmates and the teacher.... and they could/would probably go digging for the file with success. I don't remember if the file was on a thumb drive or a NFS, but I do know that it was SOMETHING with wear leveling enabled. I knew the insecurity of simply rm'ing the file, but I hoped that enough use would occur on the drive later (so... NFS more likely) that the wear level'd blocks would get overwritten. The only way that would happen is if nobody knew of the file's existence. I don't remember much else about the dream but I think I remember being chased around by some fucking guy at what may have resembled a building on or next to a pier.