Dreams:
1) Branch
2) Firefighter, climbing leaning stairs
3) Caydon in some doctor's office (up at top of stairs?), sneeze booger
4) Baseball dangerous, daniel


1) The dream, I think intentionally, lacks before and after context. A football player catches the ball and had to jump to do so (we only see him coming down from the jump -- it's a close up and the camera remains still the entire time). In center view is a tree branch going from bottom right to top left. It is thick enough to hold the weight of a man. The football player comes from top-left and our direction ('our' being Z-axis) and lands on the tree branch and becomes afixed to it. Somehow he had a smaller branch with him or something, the dream didn't make this clear, and the smaller branch landed over the larger branch and also around his neck. It was a tight fit around the large branch, just enough to go over once but you'd have to bend it with extreme force to take it back off (sort of like kids putting their heads in between two poles and their ears making them unable to bring it back out). The referee came up and began to analyze the situation. He looked at how the small branch was holding him up like that (hanging/choking him simultaneously) and tried to pry it off to free him from being choked to death. The stranded football player's left upper eye lid began to swell and turn red/brown. Oh I forgot to mention he was knocked unconscious (or something) the moment he landed in place. After trying to move the small branch with no success, other football teammates came over to watch/help. Time went by and other parts of the stranded player's face started becoming discolored. He woke slightly and could just barely open his drowsy (swollen?) eyes. They begged you to free him. They close and he is out again. A number of the teammates decided enough is enough and they lifted the stranded player, small branch and all, up (and to the left) so that the smaller branch slid along the larger one (which may or may not have thinned as it reached the top (like most trees do)). The camera did not follow his limp body off screen as the tip of the larger branch was just about where the edge of the screen was. Did he live or die?


2) I was a firefighter or something and perhaps in training idfk but I was climbing some metal emergency exit stairs on the side of a building in a somewhat large city and the stairs began to sway and make me dizzy the closer I got to the top. Like suddenly there was no building next to the stairs and it was just the stairs in mid air and no support to hold onto so leaning (had:learning. ;-P xD sub-conscious plateau reference).


3) Idk where this was but might have been yet another building at the top of those stairs (makes no sense). I don't remember much about this dream except that I was with Caydon in some hallway and I told him to stay with me and he wandered off through some door. I followed in after him and saw that his mom was in there sitting in some chair waiting for an appointment or something and there were others (nurses, doctors, clients) in there as well. I grabbed Caydon and gave him an appropriately sized swat on the toosh for disobeying. It didn't matter that he happened to go the "right way". My sister made some comment about how she didn't want the others to see her/us punishing/parenting him... and I thought about how stupid of an excuse that was. "Don't parent your child because others are looking". Later I was talking to two nurses or something and I sneezed and a booger came out and I like wiped it but didn't get it all the way so I felt pretty embarrassed going at it again so I think I just left it there which was pretty embarrassing too.


4) I think this took place in an elevator of the same building haha, except going down this time. It was me, childhood friend/baseball-teammate daniel, and our respective parents. We both agreed now that we were older that baseball, while fun, is a dangerous sport. I wanted to say "especially for the pitcher" but never got around to it. Idk what general observations we made, but it was pretty obvious that both of our respective parents disagreed (mainly the fathers). Seriously though, baseball is stupid dangerous for the pitcher. Football is somewhat dangerous. Basketball isn't dangerous at all. Funny that I like basketball the least of the three. But shit I like racketball more than all 3! I like programming more than all sports :-P. Arbitrary everything~