Dreams:
0) Lucid hallway allison
1) Raptor office building 5 arrows (had:arrays)
2) Hospital employee 3 weeks stomach/chest shit


0) Had a really long lucid dream and I don't remember anything about it except that it was really long lasting. It was like walking down a long hallway and not remembering anything about what the walls looked like. Kind of like life itself: you know that it happened before (IMT), but your memory is only of this life. I remember staying calm and trying to make stuff happen and yea it didn't fade away but I still couldn't make shit happen. I don't remember much of what I wanted to happen specifically, and in fact maybe I was just along for the ride [until the end]. Toward the end, I tried to summon GIRL so that I could rape kiss her. The summon didn't work, so I decided to rape kiss my sister's friend Alison T. instead, who was somehow there all along (or at least for a while). Right as I came up behind her and like spun-her-around/bent-her-backwards for the rape kiss, she resisted and yea I of course didn't go through with the rape part of that kiss. Damn why am I so noble in my lucid dreams? The realness of the in the moment-ness of it makes it indifferentiable from IRL (technically lucid dreams are IRL... but you know what I mean (waking reality in case you don't)) and then my morals kick back in and I refuse to rape kiss. It was a mild struggle, I could have overpowered her. She just jolted forward and yea.


1) This one's pretty blurry but I remember a raptor chasing me and some others inside an office building. You'd shoot the raptor with a bow and arrow with 5 (possibly flaming) arrows at a time, but all that would do is make him turn his attention to you and chase you around. I narrowly escaped up through the pop-out (business-like) roof once (although it was pretty unrealistic: he would have got me (but since I wasn't looking, he didn't)).


2) I was an employee like a helper janitor or some such at a hospital and bleh the dream is kinda blurry but OH SHIT I THINK I WAS AWAKE AT ONE POINT BECAUSE THE DREAM FELT LIKE IT WAS STILL ON BUT I WAS LIKE "HMM WAIT A TICK THIS IS MY WAKING REALITY ROOM/BED" ROFL AND IT MAY OR MAY NOT HAVE WENT BACK INTO THE DREAM (timing of this forgotten). Anyways, I recall falling off a ladder or maybe even really fucking high like 3 floors up or fuck I don't really know because it was like one of those "black screen" type deals. All I really remember is waking up and talking to doctors and asking questions about my condition and how long I was out of it (3 weeks!!). It was scurry and made me feel... not good... to know that I missed 3 weeks of my life (but in hind sight: we miss trillions/ZILLIONS of years in between emergences of life so fuck 3 weeks lol). I recall Glenn Moss being in the dream, maybe he pushed me off the ladder or maybe he was just one of the other janitor employees (or both), idk blurry but I recall a negative connotation to him just like in that previous dream (dear Glenn: I think my subconscious is only using you metaphorically. I mean sure we had that fight way back in the day in elementary school but eh I'm not holding a grudge (and I doubt you are either). I think we're just like similar peers (both came/come from moderately rich families) and I know you have the potential to be evil just as I do. It's the Glenn Moss that I don't know about that I should really be afraid of... (bleh)). I wondered if I should call my parents to have them come get me or what. I pondered on the job in general and at one point (perhaps more awoken?) I felt as though I never even held the job to begin with, while simultaneously thinking it was the best job I ever had and I should [re?]apply (sense = none). I maybe had to ask for my old job back. Oh there was also some random plastic thing on my chest from like idk surgery or some shit. I also remember asking someone how I got hurt so bad and they gave me some math response(s) about how blah velocity and brain shifting and angle of ear balance liquid or fuck i don't know but there was a handful of math reasons they spat out.