1) ASL Test/Girl
2) Acting position rigged
3) Klinger roof jump
4) 50 cent building shoot up
5) Train

Actually the last 4 of these were all part of the same [long, discontinuous] dream, but the transitions and connections to one another are blurry as fuck.

1) I was in ASL with some beautiful girl who seemed like a real person at the time and still kind of does, but she definitely wasn't in ASL or even at that school. I think I went to junior high with her but I can't remember her name. I had 7th grade science with her and she had short-ish (neck (again)) brown hair. Anyways, we were sitting in the back row and she was distressed because she was going to fail her class/year or something. I offered to take the fall for her since I had an F average already so it wouldn't matter (the dream didn't make much sense). At one point I asked her if she had a 4.0 or something and she said she had an 8.something and that this would ruin her GPA a lot. So all was going as planned and I was going to take the test for her and take the bad grade but then the teacher's assistant said to the teacher that they should give me the opportunity to take my test (same test) for myself since I was absent or something. So I move to the front of the class and am handed the test to take. It's like 9 squares and one giant one as well. We were supposed to draw a scene and then "sign" (but by drawing wtf) 9 individual items in that scene. I decided to draw a toy store front but I don't think I did actually draw it [yet]. I drew in the upper left square a ball and some hands holding it. I put effort into the thumbs and the fingers holding the ball as it was a first person 3d drawing of a ball and hands... but it still turned out quite shitty. Was still fun/cool to draw in a dream (didn't know it was a dream though), kind of like my music dreams I don't think I've done that before but idk. So eh the girl from the back now came to the front I think to turn her paper in. I wondered if she was smart enough to realize that our prior arrangement wouldn't be in effect anymore since I now had my own test, but I was somewhat confident in her. She stood in front of my desk facing the other way... perhaps in a line for turning in the test. I lightly rubbed my pen on her butt and she had on baige short shorts. I guess you could call it flirting. After a little bit of that she turned around and I was still looking downward at my test and her butt and she then crouched down so that her face was in my line of sight. We just sort of looked at each other but I can't remember the point of it. I wanted to date her and really made a note of it to ask for her number before class/school got out (perhaps it was the last day idfk), but was pretty sure I had forgotten or would forget (later?). Anyways as we were making eye contact we both sort of said with our eyes that we were interested in each other... but I can't put into words exactly how that was said.


2) Something about an acting position given to me and someone else (girl?) and it was rigged. Like even though we were 2 of the shittiest applicants we were still chosen for some greater scheme/reason. I know there was a lot more to this but I can't remember most of it.


3) I think while me and/or Klinger were sending someone off in some car (maybe the girl and/or myself), Klinger spotted over on a rooftop on a building over to the right that someone was spying on us and the spy then tried to hide and escape down the stairs etc. We were on top of a building of our own so the car part doesn't make much sense as it was level with us too and driving off to the left. I think the spy did end up going down the stairs and into the building and I think that's what makes up (4). Anyways, the building started rocking back and forth parrallel with us and each time it got further and further away. But not immediately away, it first had to do our length, just like a train as it leaves the station (sans rocking for the train). Klinger ran up next to it as it was rocking and I think he jumped across the 5ft gap to land on the other roof. There was a curb (just like the ones in parking lots) on the edge of our roof and in the middle there was a flattened out "walk" gap too... which seemed the ideal spot to jump from but I don't think he did.


4) I think it was 50 cent but not too sure. I/we went in a building and liked wrecked shit. We went up some stairs into a more secure area and killed some dude who was the main target. He offered us his money but I/we/fitty said "I don't want your money" or something and I think we blew the building up and left. As I/we/fitty jumped into a weird "cup car van", I/we/fitty sprayed some "land" (like hedgewars) into the bottom of the cup for us to land on because otherwise it'd have been too far down into the cup?????


5) That same escape vehicle transformed into a train and the rest is by far the coolest part of the dream. I think there was also Gene Wilder in/on the train (fitty became him?) or perhaps he was the conductor. In any case, he wasn't near me. I was alone toward the back. We were travelling along some road and I kept hearing some guy talking about how he was sure that the train wouldn't be derailed. I think he was talking to someone on the phone (therefore on the front of the train?) and just hearing him say that made me think we were in fact going to be derailed. Still I couldn't completely decide one way or the other so I was just on for the ride and afraid. There was something about a song and some birds that I heard a few times and I wish I could remember the song so I'll just say what I can from it: birds flying above the track (of land, but also train track on it) because something i can't remember what maybe because lots of trains get derailed there idfk. It was a mellow song and I enjoyed hearing it. I heard the song before we got to the corresponding spot, but I think also again as we were going across it. I think I was pretty sure whether we derailed or not was in Gene Wilder's hands because even if he wasn't the conductor, he was probably holding him up. So we got to the track of land and there was sure enough a pretty difficult turn to make at our speed and no burm to help us out. I think we tilted up onto our side as we went around the curve: close call. From my seat I could see out the window to the left. We got to yet another curve in a matter of seconds and this one was burmed and it also started going downhill. I thought to myself "oh crap, maybe that spot back there wasn't the spot". I remembered feeling shit tons of Gs in my body as we levelled out at the bottom of the hill. I felt ridiculously heavy and it felt like the train was going to keep accelerating infinitely [even though we were leveled out and might have even started going up a tad]. The faster the train went, the heavier I felt. We reached a tipping point in the dream pretty quickly and the last thing I remember was feeling as though I was being pulled by the train (probably since I was at the back of it). I felt heavy and the train felt even heavier as it pulled me. I got a quick glimpse of a mountain/hill next to us outside and the dream was over.