Dreams:
1) Python
2) Snake bite to face (motorcycle, push)
3) Code
4) Doctors/bike
5) Empire State Building highest room (lounge), girl fired 11 days after
6) Fish


What differentiates dreams from waking life is, aside from duration (both are 'temporary'), that waking life has a few billion other brains roughly as intelligent as yours. Dreams use your own [one] brain to emulate 3rd party intelligence, and it takes your own processing power to do it. It would be difficult to near impossible to have a dream where a room full of people are thinking about unique subjects at a moderate level of intelligence/difficulty. Sure sure your brain can emulate the people sitting in the room [doing miscelaneous paperwork and having white noise conversation], but good freaking luck emulating 30 peoples' intelligent THOUGHTS simultaneously. Waking life does that with ease, because each mind has dedicated hardware and is more or less independent of the others (that being said, we are still all "one" - it all depends how you look at it and the context of your speaking).


1) A large python found in a field with tall brown grass ate itself accidentally. I toggled between thinking it was a dream and thinking it really happened in my waking life past multiple times (each time a new "level" of contradiction), maybe ~4. I felt like it was my fault at times (I had walked through the area where it happened and maybe left something (random guess: a fake stuffed mouse) that he went after to eventually choke on himself -- this part is confusing/blurry), and felt ashamed + relieved when I toggled into "oh just a dream" mode (but then it all came back when I further felt like it really happened). There were people talking about it analyzing it, but I barely remember what they said.

Interpretation: The (had:universe/, but surely advanced species (had:aleenz) don't have the problem anymore)earth/humanity is the python and it's only a matter of time before we choke on ourselves. More of the interepretation comes from (2) which I haven't written yet. I rode so hurriedly to save the man's life, even putting my own in danger in the process. The two [parts of the same] dream[s] are different yet related. If I can save a life from a snake bight, I can and will with all my energy and effort. But I _AM_ the python in the field and it's only a matter of time before I choke on myself. How the fuck do I even begin saving myself? I don't see the next logical step. Corruption and stupidity are the biggest problems and they're next to impossible to solve (on the plus side, life is next to impossible to emerge from scratch). I know "not trying" is stupid, but I also believe "trying aimlessly" is just as. Give me direction, self! Figure it out! Fuck, not like- (yep). "Too little too late". If only it were as easy as riding a motorcycle to a hospital at full throttle. If only I left myself a manual in between 'bangs' that had the answer. "Better/smarter" is so fucking vague. Efficiency isn't, but eh easy for me to be efficient while the rest of the world gourges. Raising intelligence levels to increase efficiency. And what of the corrupt, careless, greedy (99%)? What of the adults who are through with learning [because they graduated from school and hated it just like me]? Sure it's great that they'll all die off and be replaced by hopefull more intelligent, but so will I and/or it may be too late by the next generation. Population explosion. Population explosion is the most likely time to be born. Population explosion the spark of the problems. Can't exist (or, difficult to exist) where there aren't problems? TAKE THAT LOGIC AND SAVE YOURSELF ONLY (one life)!?!? Repeating myself [again]...


2) Found some guy on some dirt road with a snake bite to his face and he got on the back of my motorcycle and I rode him to the nearest town/hospital thing as fast as I could. I remember going on a burm and fearing I'd crash the bike, but eh kept going even if I let off the gas a little. Towards entering the city saw some elementary school classmates playing basketball or some such. They still knew me as asshole Steven so paid little attention to my presence ya know? I for some reason started slowing down right around here, perhaps out of gas but I don't remember why tbh, and I called to my classmates for help (not for me, but for the guy with the snake bite). They all came together in a cheesy heroic manner (<3) and pushed that motorcycle pretty fucking fast. Got to the hospital (or maybe it was a store? idk) and yelled/screamed for the anti-venom. I knew this guy had very little time with a bite to the face. The yelling (and especially what I said) got him pretty fast service, and as he lay there one of the administers said something along the lines of "if you can hear us right now, you're going to be alright" (consciousness indicates how far the poison went), and of course the guy laying there didn't respond, his face swollen and all (it wasn't expected that he would).


3) I refactored various pieces of HackyShittyVideoSite in a dream, was pretty realistic coding imo. Was thinking about the thread safety problem of making the "no ad" resource global/public, and perhaps doing the same for the "yes ad" resources. Even felt like I implemented them! Then woke up and was like "well... shit". What a waste lol. A lot of this dream is what made me write the prelude to this doc (no number). Coding in a dream sucks because when you wake up it's gone :(. Coding in waking reality sucks because when the big collapse happens, it's gone. Temporary helpers, that's what all code should be seen as. Help you in the short term (a couple thousand years is still short term compared to infinity). The 'grand' project (d3fault, in my case) should be done for pleasure only. Don't invest too much into it, because it will be deleted/lost (or do invest into it, because there's nothing else to invest in).


4) This and (5) from a couple nights ago: was at a cafeteria with Mehraj and there were lots of smart people in the room. Balding, gray haired, workaholics (the smart variation). Some reminded me of Matt's dad. It being some sort of medical cafeteria, I knew each of them was intelligent. Not really sure what I was doing there aside from eating lunch with Mehraj, but I didn't feel like I belonged and apparently some others agreed. When I was leaving I found where I lockd my bike that the bike lock had been cut. I found my bike in a dumpster and the front tire removed. Some elitest woman did it while I was eating with Mehraj. Didn't know her and she didn't know me. I think I confronted her but meh idk the rest of the dream is pretty blurry. Towards the end and after some shit (???), I think I even tried to hook up with her.


5) I was a high up employee (VP etc) at the ESB and was allowed into the highest room during some night party thing. The room was mostly just a status thing: not much going on in it, but only a few allowed in (the top). The boss had let me in and he had some girls hanging from his arms. Way before this (weeks/months) I had some conversation with some brunette who seemed nice/pretty and of average intelligence. I think she wore a red something (dress?). Maybe the morning after the party or just a little after it, I asked my secretary about her (knew her name) and my secretary said "so and so? she was let go 11 days after starting". I felt like I was a part of the meat grinder.


6) This dream even further back. Kaylee and Madison and idk some other family members all around a pool. I was playing with Madison and just being a dumb monster chasing her around in the pool underwater. Kaylee said something like "try to get to know her and [something]" but it's hard to remember what she meant/said. I stopped being the dumb monster and then formed a "connection" with Madison. Out of my neck and chest came out two.. ehh.. gooey.. abridges. It reminded me of those fish that swim just below whales/sharks, sometimes I think they have some weird connecting... thing. It was a feeling I had never felt before (not the intellectual kind (although yes probably metaphorically), the physical kind). I thought about how arbitrary touch in general is. We evolve from nothing and 'touch' seems natural to us by the time we are adults. Those gooey shits coming out of my neck that my imagination formed gave me a.... "new"... feeling; and most importantly, it was "all of the sudden" and not something I grew into (like life/touch itself). It hella tickled tbh, this fucking thing coming out of my neck...