Dream where I was walking away from some baseball field thing at Poly high and into the parking lot. Was messing around with a tennis ball/racket and a baseball flies by me and further than me into the same parking lot. I turn around and a guy is hoping I'll get it and throw it back to him. I hit the tennis ball to him and hear him say "steven's got it" (I was just over there, they knew me by name) but then "aww man it's just a tennis ball". I decide to get the ball for them even though it was kinda out of my way. I ran over to the ball in a weird fake manner (same as daphodils, but less enjoyable) where my body and arms were brushing against the [now grassy (idk, was asphalt just moments ago)] ground. I get the ball and throw it and that's that. A little later there's an incident with my jeep that I don't remember at all (my old white piece of shit one, not the same one I was star gazing out of the other night). Later my dad and I are getting into that same jeep but it was moved (i guess during the incident i don't recall) and my dad sees the tires a bit up on the curb and starts getting pissed and then storms back to the baseball team saying he's going to ask my friends about it and see if any of them involuntarily speak up (facial expressions etc). I guess he was the coach at this point but idk. Around this time also I went a little off the sidewalk and onto the school, which sort of reminded me of a dugout except idk if there was a baseball field there. There was a whole row of students standing there watching/listening to me/my-dad and as he left I said "what a cocksmoker" and as I walked out of said dugout (where the students were also) two girls started teasing me and calling me a little fagboy and such. They just wanted a reaction and had the power of being with the majority on their side giving them confidence/etc, but I saw it as an opportunity to hit on them (and not just childishly defend my... is it libido??), so I waved them over like "here let me prove to you I'm not" and to my surprise one of them actually came over. She climbed over/through the jeep (which was a weird half convertible at this point) and once she got into the trunk I climbed in/up on top of her and started kissing her. She kinda laughed and I was kissing her teeth mostly, but it was still enjoyable for me since fuck I haven't made out with anyone in so long :( (and I thought about this after waking up). I expected someone to start trying to rob my jeep since my head was down behind the back seat making out with that girl, and moments later I heard ruffling and wasn't surprised to be right. I jump off the girl (and wonder if she had any part in it xD) and walk over and either punch or steal the director's hat off of some huge fat black guy. He was the kind of huge fat black guy that relied on his being huge and fat in order that nobody will mess with him, but was in fact a pussy. Yet, he had himself and others convinced that he was at least a tiny bit tough. I may have both hit him and taken his hat, I forget (or maybe I envisioned both). Basically that's about it but yea I got him out of the passenger seat's glove compartment and maybe we fought a little maybe we didn't I forget, sat there dad came drove off (tempted to tell my dad he almost got robbed while investigagint that shit).

There was way more to the dream before the parking lot thing, but I can't remember it.