Dreams from the other night:
1) House danielle
2) Country


1) In a somewhat small and dark house perhaps watching TV with maybe more than one other person, Danielle would lay down on a bed or couch in the nude and be sleeping and I'd crawl up behind her and cuddle with her. It kind of felt like rape (since she was asleep), even though it defintely wasn't (yeh I got nude too, but I didn't try to penetrate her or anything). And still, I felt like it was allowed because she was my wife/gf or something? She'd wake up and say something and maybe go to a different room/bed/couch and it happened a few times. There was a distinct point where I remember feeling her pussy with my hand. She was skinny so I felt her pelvic bones... and even her pussy seemed to have two bones protruding outward a little bit. It seemed realistic and I think that's really a thing: some girls have soft fluffy gooshy poofy "fat" pussies (yum), some have boney defined whatever pussies (still yum, just slightly less).


2) Some guy was supposed to give me and someone else a lift in some weird van/carriage-with-engine thing (mildly cartoony and way taller than it should/would have been), but he ditched me/us and we went chasing him along the streets and just like in cartoons he'd go up on two wheels when rounding a corner and shit even when he was driving straight his car would still bounce around ridiculously. I knew roughly the destination at this point, and it's why I wanted a ride from him. Anyways me and the other guy (a little younger than me, heretoforth "kid") finally catch up to the now empty and parked car thing and the driver is long gone. He used it to back up next to a fence + mound of dirt (on our side of the fence was flat, but on the other side was a mound about as high as the fence itself). We were using the car and destination (relatively desolate) for border hopping. I can't remember whether we were breaking int US&A from.... say... You-go-slavia (or one of the countries around there), or the other way around. Me and the kid go into the car and there is a hole at the roof of it that you climb a rope to get out (remember, the car was like 10-15 feet tall rofl). I climb up and look and sure enough it's an easy jump over the fence now with the car in place. Before jumping I like crouch down over the hole and pull the kid up (for some reason he needed help, idfk. He had to like jump to reach my arm. this exact moment is also my favorite part of the dream and I felt like drawing it earlier. one of my legs was extended and I was leaning more on the other bent one... while leaning/reaching over/into the hole on the top of that car to pull up the kid). So yea we jump and gets blurry right around here but I also remember something about a green [army?] jeep. Maybe it was a green army jeep on the other side of the fence instead of a mound of dirt, OR maybe the truck we were standing on was/became that (but honestly I remember it being tall, goofy, and dark red maybe).

A little later in the dream there was a big gate to some other area of the country (or maybe it was the official border where you cross legit?) and there were 2 guards who would hassle you a little (jokingly, but also annoyingly if you were in a hurry) before letting you through with ease (so long as you qualified or something). I went through after humoring them, pretending their jokes were funny so they'd take a liking to me and let me through. As I was walking through the opened gates I said softly/also-jokingly "you guys are dumb"... mid laugh and shaking my head left and right in [sarcastic?] disapproval. Since the gates were open and I was practically through them, I didn't have to 'act' any longer.

I remember the gate scene, or some shit similar to it, maybe happening twice. Maybe I went the opposite way the other time (but honestly the 2nd time is REALLY blurry and I don't remember any details of it (conversations or otherwise)). Basically I felt like back and forth between You-go-slavia a few times and one of the times towards the end of the dream I remember thinking "well it doesn't matter anyways [if I get stuck] because I can always just jump over the fence using dat car method".