Four of us were astronauts and getting into our space ship which looked more like a command center considering how big it was. The front of the room (the door on the front-right (facing the front)) was lower than the back. Two of us were stationed in the back and two in the front, although all four of us were kinda spread out. We were redoing a previously failed mission, which now that I think of it doesn't make any sense since if you fail a space mission, you [usually] die. I wondered who would get the station that was inside a tiny little room with a sliding glass door and hoped it would be me (unrealistic because they'd obviously have that shit settled before now). I asked the others if/who and they said it was me :). So I walked up the ramp or stairs or whatever and into that little tiny bench in a sliding glass area (seriously no room to stand, just a bench that you barely could fit into because of space suit). I began feeling claustrophobic and it was multiplied by the fact that I was in a space suit. I pushed my head forward dislodging it from an uncomfortable neck piece, which turned out to be one of those things you put your face in when you get a massage on a massage table (only realized this after the dream), my head now popping through the other side (and much further into the glass bubble that is my helmet). Two things happened right around now and I'm not sure of the ordering. One is I looked left through the glass door to the other guy who was stationed up top and like talked toward him and motioned to my ear asking him if he could hear me. I was surprised to hear him respond very clearly over an in-suit radio (prior to that, the entire dream was dead silent (hey, forget the contradiction where I asked who was in that room will ya?)). The other thing that happened was I felt the cold air of the inside of the ship and contemplated taking my helmet off but then decided against. I reasoned that I'd suffocate (even though we hadn't launched) and that the air was icy cold (I could even/almost feel it after pushing my head through further). I knew somehow that later on (after launch and once gravity was gone etc) I'd be able to take off the helmet, but I'm unsure how realistic that is (why the fuck do they always wear helmets during launch but then take them off later (in the movies at least ;-P)?). It's funny how I wanted to have the room but then ended up getting claustrophobic once in it (sound kinda like the path in life I've chosen :-P).