1) Jellyfish
2) Cute spanish cleaning lady


1) There was a long line of people and we were outside at some beach area. It seemed sort of like an amusement (had:convenience (whoops)) park, but I don't remember seeing any rides/etc. The line was up in the air, like a combination of a hill supporting it in some parts, and just metal bars in others. My 2nd cousin by adoption Tanner was in line with me and my mom. While we were in line at a hill-supported portion, we looked down over the railing and just a few feet away was a black jellyfish (non-existent, never seen one like it ). It was cylindrical and maybe a little bit bigger than a 32oz can of beer. All around it in a spiral manner were squishy points facing (but curvy a bit) outward. Those points were black too and it was all solid and looked squishy. My mom said something like "if you eat one of those, it moves/crawls around inside you". I visualized it in the dream. It wasn't like germs/bacteria do, but the thing was still somehow solid in your stomach (the topic of chewing wasn't mentioned so idfk) and rolled around (like a steamroller. How I described it earlier is now sideways) and went in circles all around your stomach and insides. You could even say those pointy things gave it "grip", though I don't remember them 'piercing' in (they would probably have been too weak and just bent) the walls as it rolled.

Tanner and I sometime later hopped over the line railing and hiked down the hill, where there was a 'cut off' (from the ocean and other land (so like a big pit)) sandy area. We walked around down there and I think there was animals and shit but I can't remember any (others). Someone, I think my mom, said "hey you need to put your shoes back on" or some shit, so I went and sat on the side/hill and put my shoes, which were like water shoes I think, back on. Tanner had given/sold his shoes to some kid or someshit that was still standing in the line. I don't remember either of us taking our shoes off (or him actually selling them), it was just known. The reason we were supposed to put our shoes back on is because we'd be upsetting the fragile ecosystem of animal(s) that lived down there. I visualized the grease/sweat from the bottom of my feet being left on the sand (was a close up in mah brain) and chaos theory taking over and that event modifying greatly the sandy pit's (and inhabitants') future.


2) We have a cute young-ish spanish cleaning lady [that comes with an older one] that I've only seen a few times (one of our other ones quit/left-the-country). Her and the older one were here cleaning and somehow I got to flirting with the younger one. I went outside with her to the front of our house, which now became our california house, and she asked me to clean a weird small plant pot hanging from some tree or fixture. The pot itself was smaller than my fist, and I don't remember seeing a plant but that was implied. I knew what to expect as I started cleaning it, but I humored her and did it anyways (I got the impression she thought I'd be surprised by it). I scraped my index finger around on the inside of the pot and a thick black gunk gathered on my finger. It was sticky and definitely not soil. I don't know what it was tbh. As I was doing that, I said to her: "anything you've cleaned, I've cleaned".

We were talking more and she seemed kind of shy but actually not at the same time. She said something like "you could ask me to watch a movie with you if you wanted", but she said it slowly and like idk just flirty and in between other things like "we could hang out" and the like. My brain raced as I thought about a movie between us: would it be at a theater or in my bedroom (somehow visualizing THIS/gilbert bedroom). I didn't care about the movie and I was pretty damn sure she didn't either, so after smiling and blushing and shit and "thinking about it while staring downwards", I just walked over and kissed her. It was all so romantic, and not much time later I remember sucking on her nipple (mmmm). We went inside, and I'm not sure if it was because her shirt was still down (maybe wasn't) or we/I're (lol) just easy to read, but the other/older lady detected it and knew what went down. Maybe before we went inside, but idk sometime around here, I told the girl I kissed to "go back to my room" (I'd follow)... and there it was pretty obvious we'd have sex. I felt kind of bad for the older lady who was now cleaning all alone... but she didn't say anything or seem pissed off. Her face sort of said "I'll cover for you this time". Idk. I also remember, while still outside with her, thinking like "Shouldn't mess around with the help" and shit, but I think I logic'd my way through that bullshit saying that's been engraved into my brain by others by remembering "she's a human/person too" (I don't remember actually thinking what's in those quotes, just my now-guess).