Had a dream about 2 nights ago where I was just chillin on my street (at least in the dream it was my street) and I walked behind a wall that was a little ways down from my house and just sat there for a few moments. I remember just feeling pretty comfortable there and was just.... idk. Idk what my purpose was there lol. Anyways out of fucking nowhere and like probably only 3 seconds of me chillin, 3 kids/dudes my age (young adults? teenagers? idfk) came around the corner and instantly I knew what was up. They were known to me in the dream even though I don't remember who they are now. I don't remember ever having names for them but I knew they like played the roll of some kids in my younger years and/or cub scouts. I just knew they were going to jump me. So we fought. I remember thinking it was real. I was quite sure it was not a dream (I was wrong :-P (hurrr duh)). Unlike most of my dreams, I was actually able to fight! Usually my arms just don't swing fully or I am not able to run and get momentum or something or other. In this one I get into rage mode (berzerker mode fuck wryea) and just focused on beating each of them as fast as possible. Staying on the offense so they couldn't all 3 punch me at the same time, you know? So I was just running around delivering single punches to each of them and I won! Honestly I doubt I could win that fight in real life haha. So anyways I went back to my home thing which was weirdly like my grandparents house or something (but no one was there but me). A little later (not much), I hear a sort of banging on the door: it's them and they're pissed. I did think maybe it was the police but I was pretty sure it was the kids again. I stood by the entry way (this time definitely at my grandparents (mom side) house) and saw like a dent in the upper-middle of the door as it was being hit by a hammer or something. I remember fearing for my life and actually I think a fear for my data (which was also in the house) was considered but ultimately calculated not really all that important compared to my life. I don't know if there was a back exit to the house. It kept transforming! I remember at one point thinking that if they weren't cops that I'd just dart out the back of the house and they'd trash the house and that'd be it. At another point I remember thinking "this is it, I'm fucked" because there were no back doors or even windows. One exit/entrance and they are knocking it down! The dream ended abrubtly when I shouted loudly at the door: "HEEEEY!" (like "aye!"). I was trying to get them to respond if they were police, so I could comply and not scare them and have them shoot me etc... but if they weren't going to respond (or just weren't police) I was going to errr... dart out the back (if it existed lol idfk). The dream never got to that though: I woke up DURING the "HEEEY" yell thing and my actual body laying in bed made a loud GRUNT. My door was open and I could hear my mom in the kitchen. I wondered if she heard the grunt and knew I was having a nightmare... but she didn't say anything so who knows. The grunt was inaudible, but somehow it made sense that it was a HEEY in the dream and a grunt when I woke up: like (and I'm just guessing now) my brain sent "say something loud signals" to both bodies, but only the "form lips and tonge to make 'HEEY' sound" command to my dream body. Weird.