Dreams:
1) Camera behind me
2) Teeworlds hook password choosing
3) Sinking sailboat, jb weld
4) Mario Tom


1) I was doing something on my computer and a screen popped up during a "scan for bugs in your room" (which was somehow a piece of software so it didn't make much sense). The scan detected and hijacked the stream for the video camera behind me and presented it to me on my computer. I was confused initially as I had never seen that camera angle before. I could see a manilla envelope and I used that to determine where the camera was. It was back and to the left, on some shelf that isn't there. It was inside an air compressor for filling up bike tires. It split in half with ease and sure enough inside was a weird/small-ish looking video camera. I felt compromised but I also didn't feel like it changed much of anything. I already think (had:do feel like) there are cameras watching me this very moment. My security mind makes me assume the worst possible scenario is true, whether or not it really is. I am not sure I am being watched, but I am also not sure I even exist. To ease day to day life, I assume both of those are true.


2) Last night I put some effort into finding a lengthy string of dictionary words to use as my ultra secure password. Had blanket over my head and everything, and a flashlight and a giant ass dictionary. I'm starting over though because I left fingerprints around the words I was studying (too paranoid?). Anyways that just tells you the state I'm in with relation to (1) and (2). I had a dream where I was a tee in a tunnel that was 1 tee unit high. I had some running room left and right, perhaps 5 tee units each way. After that, there was a 1x1 tee unit "shadow" that ninja-fied you if you get stuck in it. I was in between two shadows and there were two other tees on the outside of them on both sides. Somehow my dream made that an analogy for my passwords and I was to hook pull both of the tees onto the inside of the shadows with me, so we'd all 3 be in there. It was weird because I felt compromised if the tees were in the shadows or something. Or perhaps when they were still out? Idk but it made for uncomfortable sleeping I'll tell you that much. And yea, I've been playing way the fuck too much teeworlds lately xD.


3) I was in a small bay and on a pretty dinky sailboat. Two larger sailboats were on either side of me and we were all 3 conversing. I looked down and noticed that my sailboat was sinking. It was not panicky scenario, it was more comic. I could touch the bottom of the bay easily (5-10 ft) from where I was, the water was pretty calm, and there were two boats and the shore right by me so drowning wasn't an issue. I stayed on the boat and ignored that it was sinking and we 3 just talked. I think they did most of the talking over me as I just sat there and sank. Until eventually the sailboat was submerged and I swam over to another boat. On that boat, Honeycut was, or already had, JB Weld'd his/the boat back together. It was either his boat that I borrowed or for some reason the boat that needed repairing instantly became the boat we were already on, which was larger and not yet sunken. I remember thinking he used too much JB Weld and it didn't need to protrude out like it did. There was another part about scuba diving and I think he was going to go down and get the smaller sailboat or something idfk? Made no sense. He asked, or at least I remember thinking, that I kinda know how to scuba dive but I wouldn't want to risk it without a quick refresher (or at least just looking at each of the pieces and quizzing myself if I know how to use them and what they're for). I've been watching too much MASH lately, and scuba diving is fucking awesome I wish that school I went to wasn't such a scam or I'd have my license bah.


4) Me and a handful of others were playing mario (3 i think) and we'd take turns on the levels etc and we eventually beat the whole game. Doing that unlocked some multiplayer mode somehow (or perhaps we modded it). We could all run around together on the same level and idk why but the only person who I distinctly remember in the dream is my friend Tom. I think he had beaten one of the levels with multiplayer online mod on and then complained about a bug where you couldn't progress to the next levels. I replied, "ok all we need is a cheat or a gamesave to unlock all the levels and then we can have the perfect multiplayer experience".