wet dream deeply penetrate petite/young girl neck throat slit



had a dream where i was having sex with some small girl (age wasn't relevant/mentioned, but PROBABLY underage ;-P)
it was a wet dream in that I ACTUALLY FELT IT woooooot
it was the tightest fucking pussy i ever felt
oh man it felt great
i fucked her hard and deep

it even hurt her

and i, being the genteleman i am (srsly), STOPPED for her
this is how i know i'm not evil. i don't like to cause other's pain


anyways continuing on with the dream
i was in like some neighborhood thing that can only be described as like an octagon. i guess the pentagon is similar except it was a neighborhood/HOTEL(???) type thing

i remember being approached by others who were mad that i had fucked her and they came towards me and i remember walking away calmly and right as i got behind a closed door i took off running (to not show that i was afraid) and hopped some wall or something to get the fuck out of there (that octagon thingo). i remember someone else tried to help me / trick me through a door but i didn't follow him and he was killed by the trap he was trying to lead me into. i think there were people waiting for me in the door he went through but it might have been a sling shot of like spikes that rammed into his stomach. i forget.


i ran RANDOMLY so they couldn't predict (and therefore trap) where i went


after hopping a while (same time that i watched the guy fall for the trap) i ran into a courtyard that was surrounding the octagon and out through it's gates/steps and into an open field surrounding


by this time other guys had seen me and began chasing me. i was running as fast as i can
and i should mention that whenever i am running in dreams i tend to grab the gras in front of me and pull it downward with my hands
i can never run fast in my dreams, it pisses me the fuck off.
note to self: if you are grabbing grass while running, you are most likely dreaming :-P

so yea anyways they caught up of course
there was just two of them

they talked to me about god knows what
i don't remember the conversation at all

but i don't remember who made the first move
it was clear they were going to fuck me up

so i slit one of their necks in one quick slash
just like on rome tv series like that one bad dude does
the first guy was out of commission and i forgot about him
the second guy, seeing his first friend get cut, protects himself... and my neck slash is a half miss. i get a bit of his neck but not enough to put him out of commission

actually i just realized this doesn't make much sense
so perhaps they pulled a gun or knife on me and i was defending myself??

i remember defending myself and feeling my pocket that my knife was there
it was, i got it out, whipped it out as i've practiced so many times ;-)
then did commenced the neck slashing
so i guess they made a move on me? it's blurry.


ANYWAYS, the second guy, with his neck half slashed, was in brute force muscle... err... wrestle... with me
i was trying to go for his neck and he was blocking it

so i changed my direction: i stabbed him in the fucking face over and over until he was dead
it worked. i won


so i continued running and by this time more people from the... octagon... were running this way....

i remember seeing a distant city/thing on the other side of the field and knew that if i made it into it that i could hide amongst the crowd. sort of like 'les miserables' when he tries to get into paris (except no guards guarding the gate)

i made it, and just barely (one was getting close)

right when i got in, i made an immediate right
my plan was to go random directions as usual to lose him. my first move just happened to be an immediate right


ehh so yea i ran into the city thing and ran by like "taverns" and bars and shit and saw scruffy / older (but not too old) guys like sitting around just doing what people do (WHAT THEF FUCK _DO_ PEOPLE DO??????????????). i guess i sort of saw them as myself: just like a mid 30s guy with a full faced beard sitting at a table relaxed with his feet perched up on the table drinking foamy beer out of a pint. i only got a glance at each one (there were multiple) but they all sort of left the same impression: this was to be my life hiding in that city or whatever. idfk. the dream ended right about there... but oh god the sex was so amazing :-D