Dreams:
1) Various launch scenarios: a) didn't work, b) worked and regretted it instantly, c) desert plain "above" trench ->
2) desert plain "viewing area" big black cat, friend tries to tame
3) OpenBSD indian fight


1a) It didn't work and yea I didn't get as "into" it as I wanted to. This is a very real concern. Eh more thoughts I'm not going to write.
1b) I grab at my mouth and go and jump on a couch or something onto my knees and stare at camera in fear and confusion "what the fuck am i doing?". This is less of a concern.
1c) A road leading up to, and indeed people in and normally in, a deep "trench". I use a ladder to climb up out of it and that is where I "launch", just some feet away from the 10-20ft trench fall (the gap is only 5-10ft wide, and of course winding every which way). It's uncharted territory, I don't know why nobody else went up there on their own ladder. I believe nick and maybe tom came up there too, as helpers or camera men idfk what. I recall having blinded myself and theorizing/imagining/predicting that while "launched" I'd have accidentally fallen back into the trench I fell out of... and I told myself I'd need to account for that: "meh nick could easily control my body and push me away from the ledge" :-P. I also think I recall some sort of dead animal up there... like a cow or something.


2) This dream seems disconnected from the last, but only gap/time-wise. It took place just a few feet from the upper desert plain area that I/we climbed up out into. It took place "on the other side" of the trench/hold/ravine/gap we climbed out of, but now I don't remember there being a gap at all, so we just sort of walked over to the other side heh (I also don't think it was the same friends... I don't remember who they were. nameless in this part). There was a barbed-wire fence separating two pieces of land, and a little covered/shaded sitting/viewing area for looking into the other side (not that you needed it, you could have just stood next to the barbed-wire fence). Where the sitting area 'touched' the other side, there was a large-ish planter so that if you got too close, you still couldn't get too close. Both the sitting area and the planter were round. I looked through the fence and perhaps even planter and I saw over on a rock some 100ft away a large black cat. I think it looked like a lion at first and I called out to my friends telling them to check it out. But yea as my sight got better or whatever it was a big black cat. It was fluffy so not like a panther etc. It looked like my own cat Cocoa, except bigger (the size of an adult male's torso in height). It was fluffy like Cocoa though, and was all black except for it's legs/paws which were white. It walked up over to us/me fearlessly, and I backed away and out of the sitting area for the opposite reason. It slyly passed through the barbed wire fence with no problems/scratches, and was pretty near to me and my friends. One of my friends picked it up (this is when I got the size comparison as being about the size of a torso)... which obviously the cat didn't like and it started to scratch at his face and shit. Me: "dude that's a wild cat, you can't tame it". Except I used a different word than 'wild' that slips me. Not feral either, aww fuck it. "E" something comes to mind. I think the cat represented death in the dream. It left me alone since I left it alone, but it was a regular in those parts and always would be. Feared nothing. Friend tried to tame it, payed the price. I woke up contemplating whether or not I should try to tame it: what's a few scratches to the face? I don't know the answer to that, but by default I am not trying to tame it.


3) The rest of the night/dream took place on the same desert plain and was all about OpenBSD and how it + witty + bitcoin would hold up against hackers n shit. Man my fucking dreams rock. So yea there were like crazy apache indians and shit attacking and meh it's all pretty damn blurry tbh but I do remember the ending pretty vividly: two indians on horses left (both them and their riders uninjured), the indian chief still alive but injured from fighting "me", or perhaps "theo de raadt" (no matter who it was, but that was the protagonist ya know?). The protagonist was also on a horse and hurr ima durr was a cowboy good guy :-P. So one of the indians on horse went over to pick up his injured chief, who rode on the butt/back of the horse and sort of let his legs drag along. They weren't even able to catch up to protagonist like this, so they stopped and called over the other indian on horse. The chief pulled himself up so he was semi-standing and took out a thin, maybe 1ft long, sharp black stick and poked the other rider on the cheek with it. The other rider was shocked/confused momentarily by this, but within a second he knew what it meant. All 3 indians got off their horses and walked/marched toward protagonist and also a campfire and maybe some tents/teepees(?) n shit (theirs? mine? idfk but i think theirs). They had a look on their face. I was riding with plenty of space ahead of them and sort of stopped and turned and looked at them. They, right when they got by the camp fire, did a 90 degree turn and walked right by it. From my view (also their path before turning 90 degrees), they killed themselves right as they "passed" the fire. That was what the pointy stick to the cheek meant. All 3 of them pulled out knives. The chief closest to me, the indian that was carrying him on horse in the middle (SNAPE/CAESAR ACTOR), the other indian who got stabbed in the cheek on the far side. Right as they slit their own throats, they all looked at each other. It was a love/respect/honor sort of look: "we all die together". The chief payed no attention to me but looked at his two fellows (friends? brothers? whatever). The guy on the far side looked at the two too, but the guy in the middle (snape).... well rofl... he looked at the chief right when the deed was supposed to be done and had a weird sort of shit eating grin on his face and he looked right at the other guy and then left again back at the chief. He bitched out. I recall thinking, and I may have been awake for this, that that was the OpenBSD principle. You can take and modify another's way of doing things and do them a little bit differently (a la not kill yourself). That last bit seems like a desparate stretch to form meaning, and I am pretty sure I was awake + still in bed when I thought of it.