Had probably one of the coolest dreams ever last night. We were intergalactic. We were... "stable". We had colonized many solar systems and galaxies and planets. We had diplomacy and peace all throughout. We were all indefinite. Technology and knowledge were flourishing.


There was a 'map of the universe' that you could like 'select' where you wanted to go (reminded me of Mass Effect). The map of everything was a giant OVAL that was stretched out and pinched a bit in the middle. Almost like a figure 8, but without the middle portions touching. Somehow it made sense that it was like "the true 3d universe folded on itself" or someshit. I feel like I've seen that before IRL, but have no idea tbh.


So anyways, this dream is really really blurry. There was a plot and linear shit going on, but I can't really recall too much of it. I will try to tell as much as I can, but the ordering might be off.


Love.


Love was worth destroying everything for.
I had a 'helper' that is equivalent to the German from Django Unchained (which I just watched last night) who was "guiding" me to my love and explaining to me that what I was doing was alright.


Time was relative. We could go backwards and fowards. (perhaps this is why the linearity of it is hard to recall?)


REALITY was relative. Destroying reality for YOURSELF (your own gain) was A-OK because it did not affect the reality of everyone else. They stayed in their own "multiverse" so to speak, and were not affected by whatever you did.



So basically me and that German (it wasn't that actor from the movie. it was an unknown figure in the dream) were transporting from planet/universe to planet/universe and back and forth in time trying to do.... something. I'm not quite sure what the fuck we were doing, but I do remember seeing planets fall apart and/or otherwise be destroyed. They were usually empty (automated resource harvesting etc), but still had ammenities for humans such as myself and that guide (or perhaps maintenance workers?). We essentially ended up unwrapping all of time. I think the end goal was Love. I _THINK_ the end goal was Kaylee... though I don't remember thinking of her SPECIFICALLY. Pursuing love was worth going backwards in time to an unstable state. It was worth destroying planets and universes over. Nobody else was negatively affected because they stayed in their multiverse/TIME. My guide explained to me that... errr... something along the lines of.... "anything worth going for is worth going for". Or something. I am PRETTY DAMN SURE the end goal was love, and I'm pretty damn sure I was still Steven in the dream... so Kaylee was implied.



The dream never finished. I woke up or just stopped dreaming about it while we were like walking around on some resource automated planet that had like giant fucking factory building shits (smoke tower thingos?) collapsing/exploding and us like observing/walking-to-our-space-ship-or-something-idfk at the same time.