Dreams:
1) Room with glass windows, hoog vidya cameras full circle
2) Prison slave


1) I was in a room which was a part of my house I guess, the house was overall hard to describe. We were on a big [cut] grass plain and some portions of the house were two stories. I was working on my computer which was right in front of you as you walked into my room (which was at the "long end" of the house (the other end being bulkier and two storied (penis)). I can't remember wtf I was even writing on the computer, but at some point or another I saw some fucking guy set up a huge movie studio esq video camera and fancy far reaching microphone. I didn't really give a shit about it and kept writing my shit on my computer. I may or may not have been talking to myself as well, the dream was [intentionally?? :-D] ambiguious about this. Later on in the dream, I looked around 360 degrees (or close enough, if you only exclude the hallway behind me) my room, and there were now 20-50 or so of the same cameras... all the same distance away (regulation, most likely :-P), encircling me. I still didn't give a shit. I also feel like I remember at one point either being afraid of or actually having people raid my house.

Interpretations/elaborations: I don't give a shit if I am being watched anymore. My mentality is post-launch even though I am pre. I stare up at the night sky with confidence that satellites are looking down at me... BUT I DON'T GIVE A SHIT. I look through/past the satellites and just enjoy the patterns of the stars. The only thing that kinda sucks (barely) is that satellites often look like stars. BUT EH I AM NOT AN ASTRONOMER AND I'M NOT _THAT_ INTO STAR GAZING.... so whatever.... if I can't differentiate it, then the experience is identical (but I mean I still know they're there/everywhere). Video cameras everywhere. It's paranoia AND it is reality. There are street light cameras bank light cameras helicopters airplanes convenience store cameras cell phone cameras car dash cameras license plate reversing cameras speeding cameras. Fucking cameras everywhere, and they're only getting smaller and/or more megajixels. There is no escaping it (but you/I _CAN_ escape the paranoia :-P).


2) This one was confusing and I don't even remember what I was in for. Towards the beginning, I was locked up at my "bench" (others could walk around) in a shared prison cell (of 10-20), and I got a piece of paper and pencil and started writing some shit down. I wish I could remember what I wrote, but I don't :(. I only know that the very last word I wrote was (the start of a new sentence) either "Might" or "Maybe", and then I crossed it out and stopped writing. After/around that time, a few Hispanic prison guards came over to me and unshackled me and then started walking/escorting me to some other room to talk to someone, but before they did, they pulled down my pants and put their thumb up my butt. This made me feel like I was walking sideways and I mean sheesh they didn't even wet their finger before putting it in (it (had:shit) felt real in the dream and was pretty uncomfortable (damn you subconscious! I am taking away your paint brush ;-P)). They like held my shoulders in place and just sort of pushed with their thumb, is how they got me to walk forward. I/we turn right into a room and then on the left is a desk with a guy sitting at it and we turn right again after going in the door and turn around and face him, as the guards now "release" me (they seemed to try to be sneaky about it, but not very). They leave and the guy at the desk starts takling about some bullshit. He said that my "numbers were high" or something and that I could go do work at some M company/portion. I don't remember the name of the company (or maybe just a prison job type "department", idfk), but I do remember him saying that they've been watching (vidoe cameras) the way I operate and "slide my fingers over edges/corners" and they could psycho-analytically deduce that I am a fast/smart worker. I don't think I do that IRL but maybe I do lol idfk (I do however think such psycho analysis is possible and the government/corporations (sameshit) are just now (or just recently) tapping into it -- they use it mostly for profit/etc ofc, the dumbasses). I just sort of stared blankly at him with furrowed eyebrows and didn't say anything. He could tell I understood what he was talking about, and after a few moments of furrow brow'd stairing he just said "you can go", dismissing me away. I didn't want to say ANYTHING to him since he was the one asking me questions: I didn't want to accidentally say something that would be used against me in a court of law etc. I just stood there for a few moments, semi-hesitating to leave, and then he said "oh but before you do could you go grab me that red plastic box out of [that giant filing cabinet]" (storage box things, translucent on the sides and had those semi-crossover lid tops that were red). I did even though I knew it was the start of him trying to make me his bitch. As I walked back in from the "other room" with the cabinet/boxes, I said "sorry about not having an answer about that company thing, it's just that I haven't even had my trial yet". He didn't really care about that statement and didn't respond to it. Really though I was trying to determine if the company would have been a good idea or not. Was it a trap? Would my talents be whored out (obviously/always/duh)? I also, just before leaving, asked him: "is it legal for the prison guards to stick their finger up your butt?". He was reading some paper in front of him and gave very little physical response to even the fact that I asked him a question, but after five seconds or so he responds calmly "yes" -- never once looking away from his paper. I then walk/storm out (like a little bitch, but making sure not to piss HIM off in the process (bitch)) and I glance back at his name plate on his desk and vow to fucking kill that guy (justifiably) if I ever get out. I can almost remember his name, but it slips me (who cares it was a dream). As I'm walking back to my shared cell (unescorted, so the dream was unrealistic), a fatish security lady catches up to me and overheard what I said/asked and kinda cautioned me "you gotta give him some [X] with that". X was time, I think... but idk I think she was trying to caution me not to storm out like that. She escorted me back to my cell and as I was sitting on my bench, but before she fastened me back in, I looked over to the left and across the cell a bit (perpendicular though, my bench was in a corner), and saw another bench-bound prisoner who looked like he had been there/here (rarely leaving) for years. His "master" (I think another inmate) was hovering over him doing idfk what, and I heard the bitch say: "I am not alive" or something along those lines. He said it in a weak/trembling/delerious voice and it kinda served as foreshadowing for me. I wondered how long I'd be able to sit there and keep my cool. So the fatish guard lady started to lock me to my bench, and I hoped/wondered-if she'd molest me too (hopefully with emphasis on mah dih).

The timing in the dream coincided with right now/IRL. I felt sorry for my parents who would likely never see me again and wouldn't even get to know why I was imprisoned (even I didn't know (conspiracy/etc)). I was pissed because I had just finished LifeShaping minddump and was soooo close to launch/etc... and that would now all just be sitting encrypted and not much else (until they brute force it (or rip my finger nails off)). I was of course happy to wake up and it just be a dream.

I also remember the guy at the desk briefly mentioning that I am on hold/waiting-list for an auto dispersement of an isolated confinement, since he/they could tell I would be torn to pieces in the general areas. I didn't even request it! -- but it was on my mind :-P.