had a pretty fucking weird dream last night. or maybe it was multiple stretched out, i am unsure. the first thing i remember doing is calling my old childhood friend matt. we talked about nothing in particular, i just had the urge to call him and did. i think we ended up hanging out for a bit and eventually he invited me to tag along with him to his class at harvard. i did out of boredom, and because it's so easy to steal education. the topic of the class was SOFTWARE LICENSING (subconscious much?) and it was a computer related course. i asked matt (a non computer major) why he had to take it and he said something along the lines of it being a part of his major. maybe he was a lawyer like his dad? that would make sense. idfk. i remember saying something along the lines of "i know what the screen is talking about!", while a presentation was on the screen and before the class started. there was also richard stallman. he was either the teacher or he was just a single slide/image in the presentation, i forget :-P. well anyways matt sat to my right and to my left was this really hot chick. i started talking with her and flirting with her yada yada and it was going well and i somehow made the "my dick is the size of my pinky" joke while holding out my pinky. she then said "let me see" and bust it out and started sucking on it. wet dream ftw because i remember actually feeling it :-). the classmates observed and i didn't give a shit: i was getting my dick sucked. i can't remember whether i came or not, but later on she went up towards the top/middle of the auditorium/lecure-hall and left matt and i down in the middle/right (to teacher's perspective). i remember like looking at her and mouthing/asking why she left etc, but didn't get a good answer. right around this time she began to transform sorta. like, her makeup started falling off? idk, but i do know one thing: she eventually started to look like an asian boy. it was a tranny. i remember the classmates around me all TRYING to make me feel embarrassed... and me just not giving a shit: i like traps :). it felt staged/scripted/planned... but it didn't work on me since i like traps. i don't remember much else about being in the class but i do know there was something to do with after the class was over and being in a glass hallway that we all like broke out of and went wandering out onto some grassy field'ish area away from the school? this part is really blurry.



later on, or a different dream (the mob might be the school people?), we were wandering around in like a .... castle... but it wasn't really. it was a street, or a bunch of streets, and shopping center(s)... that happened to have more than one floor at different points. it's hard to explain and i doubt it exists. we were trying to get somewhere (up?)... and it was difficult for all of us because there was no map and no real destination. i remember moving around much faster than the mob as a whole and trying to figure out the area around us. at one point, i climbed over/through a fence with my mom (who appeared from idfk where). going through the fence set an example, and some mob-person followed directly after me. he didn't let me get out of the way below the fence before dropping, and landed right on top of me! i bounced his weight off of me, or let it slide off to the side, and he landed directly on my mom. she hit her head against the cement, but didn't get knocked out. she lost all of her memory and became a 19 year old. she was her 19 year old self in her own brain. i tried to explain to her that she was my mom and she was in her fifties, but it just didn't make any sense to her... or she didn't buy it (idk which). i remember feeling really sad at this point. i wanted my mom back.



there was another part of the dream where we were at a prep rally of sorts and there were dancing girls/cheerleaders(?) that were rigged to wire and appearing to fly. i remember having the specific thought "they'll look back at this with their [grand]kids and be ridiculed for how low-tech it is", or something along those lines. they all went up to the top-side of the auditorium (different than the class's, like a basketball one now), and were just below the ceiling. they were dancing this whole time, though i can't describe how. a few of them came back down to normal level (eyesight, though still above ground), and one of them stayed up there for a few more seconds. she then cut one of her lines (there were like 10) that allowed her to now go to the top/middle of the auditorium, way above he fellow dancers. she did a little jig and then after a little bit, fell to her supposed death. she landed behind a... ramp... so we didn't see the body hit. her fellow dancers looked down where she landed (they could see better) and tried to make up some bullshit like she wasn't dead/etc. idfk.



another part was a car race.... a really really long car race. i think we were all going backwards too, i'm not sure. i'm not sure if it was matt, tanner, or my mom driving. i was just a passenger (except not because i remember driving later?). at some point i had to get out of the suburban and climb out onto the front (the back while going backwards) of the car and try to err.. fix some shit. i remember having my leg wedged into some part underneath the car that was pretty much the only way i was secure. i remember thinking that if the driver even tapped the wall lightly on accident (something that happened TONS before i climbed out), i'd be thrown off the vehicle and probably die (get hurt badly at the very least). i climbed back in through the window but it was much harder/scarier than climbing OUT. on the last lap and at the very end of the race, i went off a jump that was normally ignored. going off it made me skip from like 5th/6th place to 3rd. it was me driving during the jump, idfk. i was pretty happy to have gotten 3rd. first place went to my childhood friend brandon, and i congradulated him/talked to him and he looked at my wristwatch/timer and saw that the race took 1:19 to finish. 1 hour 19 minutes, that is. he said those words and the dream was over methinks.