Had an interesting dream where I defied my programming. After doing it I realized that I could probably never do the same thing in my waking life. It was weird to my brain in a way I have never felt before.

In the dream I called it defying death, but now that I analyze it as I am awake it wasn't really. Hmm now that I think about it there WAS actual death in the dream I could have also "defied" but didn't.

So I was walking along a smaller street on the sidewalk and I turned right onto a much busier street, like a highway. There were like white flat-ish curvy catci about waste high that I had to like step over. Or maybe I was stepping around them but I think I was just stepping over them carefully and slowly. I realized it was a dream and then I'm like "lol fuck it" and then just didn't give a fuck and walked right over the cactus carelessly. I even felt them scraping my legs but I didn't give a fuck as I knew it was a lucid dream. As I said, my brain reacted weirdly to this. 24 years of "naturally" avoiding such situations and for the first time ever I reversed (or:disabled) it. While walking along on top of the cactus I remember still feeling a fear of death and I looked behind me to make sure I wasn't in the path of cars (making sure I didn't somehow veer off into the street while not giving a fuck). In the post lucid dream, but still asleep state (blackness?), I analyzed this as my double checking with my subconscious that it was safe since I was lucid dreaming. The cars NOT hitting me were a confirmation that it was not dangerous. But really as I analyze it now in my waking state: those cactus wouldn't have killed me and the cars could have. Still, I at the very least defied my programming in the sense of not wanting pain inflicted on me... and that seemed bass ackward compared to every living moment I've experienced so far. I don't know if it's relevant that I am now analyzing it as not death defying. It did seem death defying in the dream. But seriously now that I get all analytical about it, death defying would have been walking out in front of the cars and trying to stay lucid dreaming as one hits me. Would have been difficult and the thought never crossed my mind: I was still fearing death as I looked back to make sure I wasn't in their path. The part where I am walking on the cactus without any fucks given only lasted just a few steps... maybe 5... and then I stopped lucid dreaming but was still able to analyze it. Maybe I was awake with my eyes closed here idk.

Still the analysis even now (realizing it wasn't death defying) does not contradict my conclusion: I probably cannot defy my programming in a waking state (I cannot fully take advantage of infinite multiverse theory). My programming consumes me. My programming is me. I do think that I can take advantage of it, SOME, through future planned events. Through longer term will (the kind I mostly plan to use anyhow, woot). Through analyzing a situation and series of events and concluding that corrupt ass motherfucking politicians/CEOs/etc will probably have me dead for it...... and then still pursuing it. Yes it goes against programming, though not in the immediate sense. My muscles and cells and skin and brain won't feel as if they're being used completely differently for a few brief moments.. because there aren't those few brief moments. It is a long term death defy. It is not the "step in front of a bullet" kind (though I do still often compare the two).

I want to play around with this some more in lucid dreaming (but obviously I need to be sure I am lucid dreaming (errr, what? checking you are definitely lucid dreaming is a fear of death. SO I GUESS i need one ridiculously sure check for a lucid dream (because if I am awake then this all becomes stupid dangerous (or does it HURRRRR)) and then immediately after, drop altogether the fear of death (which is my base programming I would say -- shit will feel weird and I should be ready for it). 

The dangerousness of it makes me not want to even attempt it at all. If I accidentally conclude that my waking life is a lucid dream then I might just off myself then and there. It's just a bad habit to have yourself in. I suppose trying it a few times won't hurt though... but I can't do this repeatedly for a duration of my life. Since dreams/trips/reality can be confused for one another, the danger of "always defying death when [lucid] dreaming" is obvious (one might argue that this is a reason trips should be illegal).

A little late here: I should also mention that the defying of pain avoidance while walking over the cactus felt compltely different than the few times I've let someone punch me in the face or slap me or inflict some sort of pain on me. I guess perhaps in those moments I did still fear the pain (which is why I had them do it to me and couldn't do it to myself (try punching yourself hard -- it's... errr... hard)).