0) Jet Grind Radio -> amusement park
1) Freestone
2) Dad gun


0) Night before night before last: Old friends Justin/Brandon/I were running around a city/neighborhood with tall buildings and skinny alleyways. I remarked how this was similar to Jet Grind Radio: chasing people around in alleys like this. It was only vaguely similar, I don't think we were chasing anybody but each other. Just the feel of it. Later it was a sort of amusement park thing and I don't remember Brandon/Justin there (so maybe a different dream, but felt the same). One attraction was an obstacle course of sorts. Most of it was hanging/swinging from monkey bar type things, but some parts were like bicycle pedals you hung onto with your arms and stuff like that rather than just regular monkey bars. I was going kind of slow at first and I asked the attendant lady if I could skip parts of it by just doing large swings. She finally said yes and I skipped over that bicycle pedal part as well as a few other parts. Was goin gfaster now. My parents entered the scene and I somehow "paused" it to talk to them. After I was done talking I went to "resume" it but the lady said I was disqualified. However I managed to change her mind when I told her I had paused and not fallen.


1) Night before last: This one seemed real and I took the information learned in it to be fact until I thought about it the following day. Basically I was looking at a top down map of the Gilbert/Mesa area and was surprised that "Freestone Park" took up much more space than I realized. It took up the majority of Gilbert, and the weirdest part was it crossed over into Mesa (not including most of mesa, there was a gap) and a mountain biking/hiking area north of residential mesa and east of Power/Bush but west of Ellsworth... was also marked "Freestone". All of the parts marked Freestone were green/grassy on that map (whereas that mountain biking spot is actually desert). It's a mountain biking place Gerrard and I have done maybe 5 or so times, and it's 'kinda' close to where I'm camping now (I'm east of Ellsworth, but roughly the same northiness).


2) Was at a baseball game, playing but I was in the dugout at the time. Someone on the other team was running from 3rd to home (not sure if stealing or what). My dad, not a member of the team, ran out towards him from home plate to try to get him to go back to 3rd I guess. Someone said something along the lines of "we're not doing aggresive [something] (umpiring? base coaching? idk)".  Maybe he had it out the entire time or maybe he whipped it out while running, but yea he pulled out a pistol and scared the guy back to 3rd. He shot him as well. The guy dove from 3rd base towards the dugout nearby but he landed only a few feet from 3rd and stayed down. My dad shot him maybe 5 times. As all this was happening, mainly when I saw the gun and what was about to happen (TRANSPIRE), I ran after my dad thinking/possibly-saying "dad no...!". I ran up behind him and punched him in his kidneys. My goal was to mess up his aim in doing so, but the punch was too late. He turned around to see/kill who had hit him. He hesitated upon seeing me, but after a brief moment of hesitation he regained his intent to kill and let out a combination of a yell/scream "yeeaaa/ahhhh" and aimed the gun at my head and pulled the trigger. I died/woke-up-instantly-in-my-tent.