Had a dream last night where we were being chased in like circles through some building thing. A portion was outdoors and a portion was indoors. I think there was even some upstairs portion where you run around the perimeter of some facility. I remember a hallway and at one end (where you are running from) was like outside and on the other end was a scaffolding and a 90 degree right turn some feet out to start the looping process. In the hall I remember a door on the right, but no idea what was in it. Perhaps offices? We were being chased in circles by I guess like zombie type things. I remember either myself or someone else "falling behind" but I don't remember what happened to them or us/others stopped to help me/them. Just that there was that scene. I remember being in the hallway and someone decided we needed to come up with a better solution. It was like time had stopped and I remember laughing about it in the dream a little (maybe just in my head (in my dream in my head or just in my head in my dream? wait what?)) as it was comically unrealistic. It was like he said "CUT" and the zombies stopped chasing us while the director worked something out. Instead we were now on the 2nd floor of a motel/hotel/whatever-something and the zombies were down below and couldn't get up. We needed to devise a way to get them to stop chasing us. That's what we took the timeout for. So somewhere somehow someone got the random as fuck idea to drop a newborn baby down to the zombies for them to eat. Honestly I don't know why we tried it but ehh it happened pretty quickly and with no disagreeing. The baby appeared from out of knowhere (don't remember seeing a mom, but presumably she was off to the left somewhere (IN the hotel/motel/thing) (I am just guessing about that now. During the dream I did not question it)) and we dropped it down to the zombies just a few seconds after it was born. Splat. I don't know what I/we expected... for the zombies to get full on the baby and stop eating?? But anyways the baby like hit the ground and it was a gory mess. But while circular splatter (almost perfectly circular actually), there was a divide right down the middle too. The divide, after a few seconds of being on the ground, slowly began to spread more and more and a green little bulbed plant started protruding from the middle of it. I remember it being very beautiful and colorful (and random as fuck of course). There might have even been something red that came about on the green bulb (hard to recall). But yea it just like extended outward and grew lengthwise... but the way it grew was just so.... mezmerizing. It was slow and fast. Like if you were to watch a little plant growing on a time lapsed video over a couple of weeks/months... but watching that video in just a few seconds. The plant "inching" along in little bursts of singular increments. It didn't grow THAT much before the dream was over. I don't remember what it had to do with the zombies or if it solved anything at all. I just remember thinking "man that looked cool I need to write this dream down".