Dreams:
1) Heidi
2) Car break down in north scottsdale (Luke, Frank)
3) Home, mom moved room, WD-40, lexi, blue bottle, punch mom cry data analogy
4) Andrews house (????)


1) I went and stayed with Heidi's family (her and her parents, though I only remember her brother(???) and dad in the dream -- no mom). I brought just a bag and myself, and felt somewhat empty-handed. Heidi and I were alone later and we hugged. She said I love you and I replied the same. She was comfortable to hug. A good hugger. It felt real in the dream. Not too skinny and not too fat, a full body. I believe at some point later we kissed, but I also remember not wanting to rush things. Still, later she said something along the lines of "You've only been here one day and we've pretty much done everything"... so maybe we went further and I forgot? It was a special connection I had (or at least, I felt). Like we had been reuinited since childhood (which is actually accurate).

Her house was interesting. Right on the sand of the beach with a beautiful view. When the tide came up, the water would reach their doorstep and if they had their doors open, come into the house and say hello. I worried about their electronics getting wet (the house was quite modern, her dad being an MS guy and all), but later learned and was shown they simply had a water proof closet/portion where all that stuff went. In reality there would have been sand all over the floor after a wave came in (they had crashed by then), but in the dream the sand all stayed outside somehow. Heidi and I decided to go surfing and she asked if I knew how. I explained I _barely_ could, but sucked at getting up. She mentioned some board type and said I should try that because it's easier (it wasn't a long board, which in reality is what I should really try). She said she could and I pretended to be surprised. Pretended I wasn't a facebook creeper and hadn't seen her surfing picture (now that I'm writing this, lol it was her profile pic so what a shit liar I make [in my dreams (but also in reality?)]). We went surfing and I think there was a scene later about a guy showing up and me getting all jealous about her having a thing for him... it gets pretty blurry around here.


2) Luke, Frank, and I were on our way back from somewhere West and we were in my car on the north part of the 101 loop. It broke down and we all 3 seemed to be equally pissed about it until I pointed to a map and showed them that they could both walk home so they shouldn't be so pissed. I remember the dream being longer but I can't remember anything else or how I got home.


3) I came home from (??? (2)??) and suddenly was at my California house. My mom had moved my stuff into my old childhood room (the one I shared with my brother). I didn't like that she touched my electronics and became angry with her. I saw my "1tb external drive" laying on a pile of folders/binders and it was slightly tilted where it lay, as if it had been casually set down without the proper ultra paranoid setting down of the mars fucking rover (not the crane drop one). All my computer stuff was unplugged and just "set" near where she guessed I'd like to hook it up, and everything else in my room was scattered about (it is now too, but at least I know where it is!). I was on my old bunk bed and it took a few seconds for it to click that I didn't have my old bed anymore (the one I'm using now). I was up there and doing something with WD-40, trying and failing to contain my rage: I threw the can of WD-40 at the floor. A horizonal crack split formed and grease started spraying out and getting all over the floor/wall. I went down and grabbed it and put it in the bathroom sink. Somehow it sprayed harder and harder and was getting me in the face. I tried to aim the can/crack "down" so it'd only be spraying into the sink, but I think it would rotate or something because it wasn't working. I stumbled out of the bathroom feeling naseous and wondering if I was about to pass out and/or die from lack of oxygen... and obviously being glad that I left when I did. Sometime either before or after the WD-40 thing, I went to the pantry and grabbed what looked like a translucent light blue soda (had:"x" common soda brand instead of "soda") bottle and wanted to throw it. I guess I threw the WD-40 instead.

I was walking in the hallway to my room or something when I saw Lexi and she had her front left... err... blanket of skin... hanging down. Bloody underskin was revealed. It looked like she took off her front left pant leg and a tad bit of her front left torso/breast as well. I of course took interest in this and thought maybe she had gone in the WD-40 bathroom as it was still going off and some chemical reaction caused her skin to slide off? My mom took interest too and had some reason she gave me, but I can't remember it now. I distinctly remember looking at Lexi and somehow now being more focused on her left ear, which toward the tip had a "chunk" of "meat" missing and bloody underskin revealed. It was like how an artichoke leaf looks after it's been scraped with a person's teeth (except the "chunk" was thicker than that of an artichoke).


Sometime later I was unable to control my anger and I was trying to explain to her how upset I was that she moved my room and I punched her in the back or something. She began to cry and so did I and I still tried to explain to her it all. I said "I love you and I love the data", or something. I was trying to make her understand that if someone hurt her, I'd hurt them... and the same applied to my data and she had just endangered it (her and my father break most electronics they touch, so I forbid them to touch any of mine).


4) Bleh barely remember any of this dream, something about going to the Andrews house and Kendall being there and the baby was asleep and I was supposed to be quiet but that wasn't a problem since I'm pretty quiet anyways and there was more to it but I forget.