0) Mountain Lion
1) Mane Lion
2) Hawkeye
3) Dad Lawry's
4) Nick Neck
5) New MGS Wearable
6) Lesbians
7) Texas ShitBoomBox (tm)


0) This dream happened before I moved to the desert. A fear of being eaten alive had to be faced and overcome before I decided to doi faggot. The statistic that did it was "in the last 100 years, only ~30 humans have been killed by mountain lions in all of north america". Well the dream was pretty short anyways. It was night time and I shined my flashlight at one. He looked at me, then walked away.


1) This dream was much more recently (weeks ago), but I think I was sleeping at my parents' house when it happened (when it rains assloads, or I have other reasons (mail), I go back) I'm not sure. So yea I saw a male alpha african lion with a full mane and everything. Scared the shit out of me and I became paraylzed because of the fear. Much like how you are unable to run [fast] in a dream, so to was I unable to even stand up. Well at first yea I did try to act "big"; it worked and the lion seemed to back off for a few seconds. But the paralysis kicked in and then his interest re-emerged and he started closing in. I overpowered the paralysis, knowing (thinking) it was a life and death situation. I stood up and acted "big" again (sweatshirt over head or w/e like with bears), and he backed off.


2) I was Hawkeye, and I got on a small boat with a girl (nurse?) and we paddled upstream from a river that went right through MASH 4077 (I just watched a few eps of seasons 1 again while at parents a week or two ago out of boredom). We made it to some native's village and got out and walked around. I don't remember the nurse at this point, but I followed some kids around as they took me on a tour of their village and play areas, much like a woman does to her home when guests come over. They took me in some sewer/tunnel thing that most adults would be too pussy/tall to go in. I walked a few hundred feet through that and one of the kids had ran up ahead of us and got in position to perform a stunt. There was a drop into what seemed like a cross between a well and a mine. There were metal platforms down below, but below even those was a large body of water. As soon as the kid knew I could see him, he released his arms from holding him up and he plummetted down a pretty damn skinny hole (it had various scaffoldings/etc all around it's sides). When he got near the bottom/body-of-water, he hit one of the metal beams and was sent into a spiral down into the water (think: titanic propellers). I felt slightly responsible since he was showing off for me. Anyways, me and a few other kids looked down into the body of water at him now desperately trying to swim. He could stay near the top of the water, but was unable to bring his head out of the water. Some kid remarked something along the lines of "he's getting colder and colder" -- in a monotonous voice. I thought or said "not if I can help it" I started to rush down to help him, careful not to slip and fall and join him in his doom. I climbed down scaffold to scaffold like a monkey and finally  reached in and pulled him out. I saw two of his ribcages sticking out of the front of his chest. I could see his heart in there, luckily still beating. I lay him on his stomach because that's just what was most natural at the time, then asked him if he wanted me to roll him onto his back. He said yes, and I did. He then started sticking his fingers into his open ribcage and poking at his heart. I restrained his hand(s) with my own. I then got up and went through a fence in a brick wall and asked some ladies sitting talking for help and for them to call 911. I said "please, call...", but they seemed uninterested. I finally convinced one of them, who was breastfeeding, to stand up and go look at the hurt boy. Hopefully her seeing him would speed up her actions. She saw him and responded appropiately, and I let out another whimpering "please, call...". Her breastfeeding baby also saw the ordeal, and I wondered if it'd have any effect on the outcome of their life.


3) I was at Lawry's (I had just bought of their seasoning salt and reminisced that same day about the one time I went there with Irvin) with a pretty large group of friends and friends of family (we had multiple tables). I don't know what it was but my dad got pissed at something and started walking towards my table. I knew he was going to "grab" me or something, so I preemptively struck and tried to punch him in the fucking face. I tried more than once but each time failed. It was like a kid trying to hit an adult and the adult puts their arm on the kid's head and the kid's arms are too short. The dream got kind of blurry around here but we fought both physically and verbally and there was even a knife involved and he fucking gutted me in the torso, but I was still able to [unrealistically] grab the butcher knife with my bare hands and twist and wrestle it out of his. It was strange even in the dream that I could overpower him so. Idk much later the dream endd with me holding my sobbing mom and telling her to leave him.


4) I was kicking it with Nick for quite a while but most of this dream is blurry. He started to have a weird seizure type thing. A vein became extremely (1+ inch) enlarged vertically up his neck and even across his face. That part wasn't seisure-like, but his behavior when it happened was. It was like half his body was tensed up and/or shut off (perhaps the vein was a dividing line). I quickly dove into his pocket and pulled out his phone to dial 911, since I don't have a phone atm. The folks on the other end were asking me what we were doing, and I tried to describe the activities, but just like right now, I can't really recall them (I couldn't recall them to the operator either). Nick started doing sharades explaining something about a fence, perhaps the fence falling. I doubt it was even relevant but meh they were asking. After some time his symptoms disappeared. I forwarded that fact to the operator, kept talking to them about whatever, then finally asked "hello?" and said to nick "I think they hung up". Nick said he was glad to have a friend that was smart enough to take it so seriously.


5) Was in some mainstream electronics store checking out a new metal gear. It was wearable like a sort of miniature mecha (but you don't control the mecha wearable like a typical mecha, it only accepts your input into the virtual world). I recall and eyepiece that was supposed to give me a view into the virtual world, but for some reason was bugged out and acted as a sort of mirror (is this deep? I have no idea what it means) and I was looking back at myself (perhaps only just my eye). There were handles inside the suit that barely had any slide action. You held them vertically and they slid up and down a tiny bit.


6) Looking for Caydon I found him in the garage of some house. I went in there with him and we watched TV together until the occupant returned home. I asked her if him coming here was normal/acceptable/etc. I was confused over the situation in general. She was hot and I wanted to bang her right from the start. Her spouse came home and I was glad to find out it wasn't a man. My chances just went up, even if just slightly. Caydon went to sleep outside on the ground. We got to talking and eventually things got sexual. I recall a very realistic feeling blowjob, and the cuter (less butch) one even wanted me to fuck her ass when I paused and asked-with-my-facial-expression which hole she wanted it in. I went in dry, but wet enough. Felt good man. Hannah eventually entered the dream but it's all sort of blurry from here. Caydon was still asleep outside.


7) Somehow I temporarily had a high tech boombox. I signed up for something and got temporarily shipped the wrong item or fuck idk, and it was ok if I took it out of it's box and used it for a few minutes before shipping it back. It was voice actived, was playing some techno/something and I said "play dubstep" and it responded in a friendly female voice "playing live dubstep". I then tried: "synthesize dubstep" (or maybe I said techno). It said "playing channel sythesized music" (or synthesis or something). It couldn't synthesize music. Then a sort of social networking part of the shit boombox (made in texas) came on and I was shown a nearby girl's pseudo-avatar. It slightly resembled her, but was still a 3d representation and not entirely accurate. For some reason I started commenting on the angles/views. Maybe the shit boombox queried me. I kept saying "ugly" and stuff like that. Eventually it zoomed onto her nipple and I said ugly again and then just fucking turned the whole thing off. I said "disable" and it disabled, then I said "enable" and there was the nipple again. Then I looked for a physical power switch on the front and pushed that and was done with it.
