0) Matt Molly roof
1) Ashley time travel
2) Monkey bird

0) Was visiting Matt at what seemed like a downgraded beach house. Reminded me of the first condo they had, but it was a house instead. Still not quite as big as the house they later got (thus, downgraded). Uhmm idk we were just chillin really, I remember coming in through his own door and him saying "yep I have my own door". We did go outside for a while but then came back. Molly appeared in the dream and it somehow made sense that she lived there also. Like I was able to think back in time and remember her living there (perhaps even alone/without-matt). The three of then chilled and talked. We were in an upstairs part of the house. Eventually I/we realized that that part of the house (just that room) had a weak/rotted/soggy wall/roof/corner-thing. There was a part of the dream where the roof kept falling a bit and I kept putting some beam back into place to keep it from falling. It was a pretty small beam, maybe 1-2 inches wide. Wooden. Eventually it gave completely and I jumped out the window right next to me to avoid getting collapsed on. There wasn't even time to say anything to Molly/Matt, they got squished. Except somehow I knew they weren't dead or even hurt... it was as if they had a practical joke played on them (they were 'inconvenienced', but that's all).


1) Fucking blurry dream, I told Ashley (C->M) I'd do some time travel shit, then there was a part I completely forgot (even in the dream -- I'm not saying I've SINCE forgot it, but just the dream skipped and even in the dream I was like "uhh, what? that just happened" (thinking)). Ashley confirmed that I had time traveled. Before I time traveled, I told her what I'd do... and after I time travelled she told me that I did it. It was that I went into her perspective in the past (or maybe I just got near her in the past) and was able to re-draw some kind of zig-zagged turtle (???) that she once drew a long time ago. Again, I have no recollection of the time travlling itself, but all of the sudden I saw my drawing (copied from hers) and her being so surprised I did it etc. We were sitting in class at desks during this.


2) In a basketball stadium there was a famous black actor (chris rock comes to mind, but idfk) who later somehow transformed into a monkey with wings. He was in a cage and 'they' were studying him and shit. I did some sneaky shit to get past the bad guys and opened the birdcage to let it out. At first it started flying towards the center of the stadium but then I lured it outside through some doors. Since it was a genetic hybrid, I knew it wouldn't be able to reproduce. But at least it'd be free. I wondered if maybe it was better off in the stadium, so it could be [re-]captured, cloned, and be able to reproduce. Obviously good guys would have had to have done the re-capturing.