Had a long dream that stopped/restarted multiple times and had multiple disconnected scenes. Drove to LA to basically just chill with him. While pretty close to his spot and still in the car, I saw the backside of a billboard that he designed and was famous for. It was his first 'thing'. It was a lady with long legs basically going from the ground all the way up to where the billboard rectangle is and then I guess there was a torso somewhere in between but I can't be sure... and out the top of the billboard square part projected her head/mouth and she was facing upwards and it was a side profile shot and she had her mouth open (like she was getting t-bagged, i commented later and made my bro lol). Skipping more towards the middle of the dream, I asked him what it 'meant' and he said it had something to do with either Dwight Eisenhower or Dwight Roosevelt. As I'm writing this I'm not sure which, and I even think me not being sure which was a thing in the dream: I recalled waking up in the dream and being like "oh wtf I was dreaming" ... "hmm oh that leg billboard really is real though"... and then asking my brother (again? may have asked him in the dream within the dream) what it was about. You could tell he was being intentionally vague about the description, as most artists are (NOT ME FUCK THAT SHIT). Right around here was when I made the comment about Dwight t-bagging her.

He told me his roommate hooked him up with the job (well, not entirely but he certainly helped (david's submission was selected from a group of submissions)). Their house thing was like a pretty large studio with a wall in the middle that didn't close off all the way. Where between both of their beds were was solid wall, right about in in the middle the wall was about halfway to the ceiling, and of course the rest was open for walking on tile. He had his computer desk pushed up to the half height wall, and I remembered seeing a list that was either his or his roomates or shared like stuck on a wall or something (it reminded me of something my grandma told me was actually there: "1 set goals. 2 get ripped"). It said something like blah blah 1. Work Hard 2. Party Hard. Maybe should have said party harder, but that's just my thinking right now. I may have plagairized that idfk, and it sounds like my dream plagairized what is actually there (fuck it).

We would go "out" partying and shit and it was pretty much the first time I ever felt like I had fun 'going out' and shit. I was able to dance in public, though I can't visualize myself [in the dream] actually doing it as I'm writing this now.. it was just sort of known. I remember thinking "tapping your foot here and there eventually helps you dance in front of others". It was weird because we didn't go far at all from his house thing which was on the first floor and on a corner and took up pretty much an entire [small] block (so two corners). At night the street all along his house was packed and that was the party. The inside of his house was just an extension to that same party. The part where I was implicitly dancing was over a bit away, but not far. I remember being in some restaurant or something and standing next to a railing is all, but that restaurant was like just across the street.

I was standing there and some guy and my brother walked up and my brother said "you're going to agree to write this guy a check and then he's going to agree to take the check and then [something]", or something else really really fast. Was obvious what he was talking about (but I'm not going to spoil it in writing so I can still use it later (if you can't figure it out, you're stupid and should commit suicide to make the average IQ of the human race higher (thanks in advance))), so I like asked him if I could write him an $80 check and he asked me if I _HAD_ an $80 check and I pulled out a wad of cash and as soon as he saw that he put a plastic bag in my hand and said something (can't remember what) and then walked away. Didn't even take my money... I guess I was supposed to write him a check and/or it was on credit since through my brother? Not sure I was supposed to pull the money out like that and that might have scurred him off. As I was standing there with the bag I slowly put it in my pocket and some others commented that I should do so quickly. It was like the 'running' dreams I've had where I couldn't run fast.... I just couldn't put that bag in my pocket fast. I put it in at a slow constant rate (however getting my hand to my pocket's entrance happened relatively quickly). I felt as though since it was IN my pocket that I wouldn't have to worry except for illegal search and siezures (which are real (fuck corrupt cops)), but I still remember someone commenting I should put it in a zipper pocket. Was weird I didn't even know these strange voices. It was like everyone on the street was on the same team and against the cops together (what does that tell you about the state of our government 'by the people, for the people'?).

Talking about the guy I was supposed to write a check to, my brother said I probably knew him from when I was younger. Eventually I figured out or deduced that it was Aaron Rich. He looked older and more mature... and it seemed strange that he was doing the job he was doing (which was the job he was doing (herp derp i can has speek)). I wanted to ask/harass him about his sister but I didn't want to bug him (must suck having a hot sister). There was a scene where I left all this and went to Matt's (our mutual friend) riverside house and I can't remember what went on there but I found Matt in there after sneaking in (???). Walked back through some weird path and saw a part of riverside I never saw before... like a large valley I just never looked off the road "down" into.

Back in LA area (disconnect) there was a part where we were in his pad and LA went into lockdown mode. We were caged in his house/thing for a few minutes. This was to mitigate crime (shootouts etc) which he said tended to happen right around sundown. I tried to come up with a formula the cops might use to initiate lockdown: "if 3 shootouts happen in a matter of 15 minutes, lockdown mode". I visualized what the criminals running around outside would do if everywhere had metal screen bars keeping them out (the dream was unrealistic, because what about pedestrians?!?)... they'd probably find/make a hole in one of them so they could still safely hide.

Another part not during lockdown I wandered off exploring away from the city a bit and it quickly turned to desert. There were still bushes/trees around me and there was a big hill up ahead (looked like a raised 'fault' i guess you could say (but idfk)) that looked like it would plateau once you got to the top of it.. and it was a guess that once up there there wouldn't be trees/bushes anymore. I kinda wanted to see it so I started hiking towards it. It was probably 1-2 miles from my brother's house thing, but the road turned to dirt like a quarter of a mile from his house. When I was maybe halfway there, I looked behind me and some female chariot cop (idk what kind of animals pulling her) came up behind me and told me I shouldn't go that way. She didn't really say why and after I asked if it was still legal she said 'certainly'. Her warning still gave me the creeps though and I turned back. I visualized random lions/etc maybe attacking me once up there (they could already be stalking me) or perhaps those gunmen ran out there when there was nowhere else to go during lockdown. I thought about how even from where I was probably nobody could here me scream at the top of my lungs because of the noise pollution. While walking back to the city I looked over at the ridge again and saw a huuuuuuuuuuge tree. It went maybe 3-4 times higher than the ridge I wanted to climb, and I then thought about climbing that (maybe safer?). I wondered which stores I could go to in the city to get a harness and some ropes and caribeaners. I'd do the 'always have at least one attached' method, and then I even upped it to 'always have 2 attached' to be safe. Figured those items would be the things you would have a hard time finding unless you knew just where to look (or, weren't looking for them at all). Never did buy any but thought about it and even talked about the tree with my brother.

There was another scene I'm not even sure if related (I _THINK_ it was LA, but am not sure)... was wandering around and looking for a circle K because I wanted to buy some starbursts or someshit. I found a mini-circle-k that didn't have any starbursts and the owner of the rest of the shop (who ran the small part too) tried to get me to buy a chocolate covered pretzel (big one, not small). It sounded delicious but they were $5 so I told him no and he got offended. I went to some other store and like idk this part is blurry but something about them being out of the right kind of ice cream so the lady, still wanting to make the sale since I already touched the cone (germs), poured a bunch of M&M's into my cone. No ice cream at all. Even though I don't like [regular] M&M's [that much] I still accepted it because I could tell she was trying to perform a nice gesture. I think I got something else here and/or someone else was with me but like I said blurry.

There was a scene right in front of my brother's house that involved my cousin Garrison's friend Mark.... and that damn chariot cop lady again. Everyone was sleeping [on the streets] and I saw chariot lady coming so I jumped off the road over a rock and onto a sidewalk (i guess) so as not to get run over. Mark was already laying on the road right where I jumped away from, and he continued to lay there and chariot lady drove right over him. What I thought would have killed me didn't even wake Mark. Btw her chariot was now a relatively small quad (still a quad), idk why that changed. It rolled over him and that was that. She wasn't going fast or anything, she eased over his limbs and face.

Really blurry: I found some chick I wanted to hook up with but then I didn't want to use my brother's bed because err yea wtf. So I figured he wouldn't mind if I used his chair and just got a blowjob. Don't recall actually doing anything with her, just the thinking about where we'd do it.