Both the night before last
0) Andrews' Corvette Van
1) Arcade/Store


0) At the Andrews' house, there was a raised lot next to it that was a skinny dirt lot. Felt like a hiding place of sorts and seemed like a real place (upon waking/examining, it is not). Don't remember much of what went on up there, just chilled I guess. Later walking around that same neighborhood, saw a red corvette and van stacked on top of each other in a grass field, I think now the corvette being unloaded and driven the few blocks remaining to the owner's home. The van was red too. It makes more sense that the corvette would be on top of the van, but I think in the dream the van was actually on top of the corvette. It reminded me of the space shuttle on top of a plane for transport. Later I and most of the Andrews were in a car together, the oldest one who's name slips me (weird, I remembered it in the dream) was driving. Tyson was the only Andrew missing. I said hello to the driver, he said hi back. I said "how's life?" and he didn't answer. My question was dull and in a dull tone that everyone, myself included, knew was just bullshit nonsense smalltalk (and not deserving of an answer). GARRET was his name lol finally remembered.


1) Was applying for or was just recently hired for a job at an arcade. The place was two long hallways with some space in between. The back hallway seemed empty/nobody-allowed and I either suggested or thought of suggesting putting a sign up so the customers would know to go back there. I remember seeing a sonic arcade that looked like the sit down jurrassic park one, except blue/black colors instead of green/whatever the jp one has. There were other traditional/classic arcade games back there and I think even a pool table. I remember trying to act cheery and friendly because I didn't feel like I had secured the job. Trying to act like I didn't hate people. The dream transitioned later into a big shopping store (food kind). Some manager showed me how to stock water bottle 12-24(?) packs from the back to the shelf, then maybe also showed me something else, I think chips, and then he left me alone to work. I somehow got it in my head that I was supposed to stock other stuff, but as I walked around the store I didn't know where anything was. It took me so long to make my way to the back to find something to stock. I later ran into the manager again and learned that I was supposed to only be stocking the water/chips. The feeling of the dream was this: my job was either TOO EASY (water+chips only? retarded why would they even hire me...) or TOO HARD (entire store? wow wtf where does everything go and where in the back do I get it from?)