Very long dream which even included parts with "opt-in", err, options, of semi-lucid windows... and I even knew that if I choiced them that they'd become lucid. BUT unsure if it worked because I either forgot once in the window, or it didn't work and I forgot that too/instead. So anyways back to the stuff I remember: Driving down Val Vista to get some pizza for me and my mom (she stayed home). There was a bend going to the right and it didn't seem like a difficult bend to navigate. Tons of cars were doing it going the same speed as me. I was in a small-ish SUV, and when I started trying to turn right, the weight and momentum of my SUV made me veer off over to the left instead (into oncoming traffic), clear over to the other side of the road and into a weird dirt lot thing. I did a 180 turn/stop (to the left of all directions(???)) and was just eh yea chillin there motionless. I forgot to mention that I guess I looked in my rear-view mirror during the fail-turn and saw a cop, at least one. When parked on the dirt I saw him and more roll up on me. Hoped I'd get off with a warning. The dream felt familiar, as if I'd done that bend and failed at it before (just once, but maybe more). Failed in a similar manner, but that time I got lucky that the cops didn't roll up on me (maybe they didn't see me, maybe they did and let it slide? maybe there were no cops (but i'm leaning towards yes one in rear-view as well)). So they come to my window and say some shit like "that was quite a maneuver there" blah blah blah and well yea they end up arresting me. I'd say my largest concerns at that point were my mom expecting her pizza (and her disappointment when finally figuring out I was jailed [again]), and of course my data. The cops seemed nice enough and as if they were just doing their jobs. I wasn't getting angry with them. When we arrived at the station the inside of it was fictional. I was left alone for a few moments (fake) as I was getting out of the cop car and I was wearing a jacket (not straight-jacket) and I walked into the department (the place we parked was like a downstairs garage type thing (4th ave jail really looks like that) and up some stairs and then some weird fucking metal detector and/or video camera sounded an alarm right as I walked up the stairs. Scared the shit out of me and as soon as I could see over the 5-10 stairs I was walking up, a fucking cop had a 357 magnum aimed right at me. You can imagine my face. O_O (in case you can't). Held my arms up in the air submissively. The metal detector camera said something in a robot (TTS) voice: "weapon alert" or some such. I was confused at why the cop was aiming at me, and of the entire situation in general. The cop stopped aiming at me (fake) and I continued walking slowly over to where I was supposed to go, right passed the metal detector video camera. As I got close to it (just as I was passing it), it snapped a picture and the flash blinded me momentarily. I still had O_O face and my arms held up. So I'm walking and I see a different cop and he's aiming using some sort of fancy looking gun (the same kind that [...]). It looks kinda futuristic, but not really that much. Still black/metal, just with "OOOOO AAAAAHH" fancy curves n whatnot around the errr, gun (barrel? grip? where they meet? idfk). A gun that doesn't exist but could. He's aiming forward and I'm walking up from his back-left. Wtf is he aiming at? Whatever, I walk forward more and am eventually frisked and they pull a gun (the same futuristic kind) out of my jacket pocket. Herp derp "you brought a weapon into a police department" herp derp "now you're fucked" bleh. I was set up by the arresting cops (on that note: launch thwarts tons of "setup" and "frame" opportunities (whether by cops/etc or not (common characteristic is evil))), and I made a mental note to... err... ehm... remember ;-). So what would have been a day or maybe a week turned into months and perhaps years.

I recall being well into the jail (somehow I remember it not being a prison) sentence and like during or after some kind of PE (I guess that 'E' doesn't belong ;-P), I saw a fence that was really easy to hop and a car on the other side ready to be driven away... so I did. I drove way away and went back to Poly high school in Reeferside (I didn't smoke back then :(). We were in some large class that I think took place in a gymnasium or some such. I wasn't enrolled or anything, but I just sat there as all the students poured in. So many of them that nobody noticed. I sat there and fuck I don't know what the fuck else happened or even what the class was about, but eventually the topic that I was just evesdropping in on between a person sitting directly to my left and a person sitting near (behind) us were having. "Are you a tranny?". Indeed [s]he was. A cute short fair-skinned (very white (and yet a part of me thinks [s]he may have been black?)) tiny bit chubby (for he[r] height) tranny. Don't remember much else about that scene except thinking I wanted to make a move.. maybe I was going to write something on a piece of paper and put it on my left knee for he[r] to see.

Drove back to the jail for some reason, I guess to get the sentence over with. They were pissed of course but I think ultimately they shifted some of the blame onto the guy that left his car there. I think they also learned from their mistake and raised the fence, though that part seems implied I don't remember anyone actually saying/doing it. During another PE(?) session I recall the "coach" throwing (had:throat) a football to us each as we ran by one at a time (we were doing huge laps, and this was our last one (the finish line just yards ahead)). He threw my ball a little too low but I was still able to touch it with my fingertips as I darted my hands downwards as fast as possible to try to get it. I wondered if he did it on purpose to test my reaction time. Maybe he was an important person with an agenda.

So after the lap was completed we immediately ran/went into an indoors area that was just meant for standing around and shit. I don't remember what I did in there but I feel like I'm missing something here. Later, I'm standing and I look toward the "back" of the long room (which is kinda like an "H" shape (fake for a jail lolol)) and I see a very comfortable looking chair. In a room of airport chairs, I've found the pool bench/recliner/thing (lazyboy by comparison). There's an attractive girl near it at a table with an umbrella, she looks like she's working on something [but could very well be just dicking around so as not to be bothered]. I walk over to the pool bench/chair and sit in it. I say nothing to the girl sitting there who's now pretty much directly behind me and within like 5ft (rude but eh I'm me, dats how I do). Right as I sit down I see another girl walking towards the back from the front. It was her friend I somehow knew, and she had only been called up momentarily. As she gets near I ask "is this your chair?" and she says either "yes" or "as a matter of fact it is". I get up and hope that the girl behind me who I ignored gives me brownie points for being so polite (lolwut? steven you are an idiot). I stand there wondering what to do and/or where to go awkwardly for a few moments, and I notice ANOTHER recliner chair just like that one: at the veeeery back (we had like 10-20 feet from where we 3 were at that point), up against the wall. So even though it was awkward my standing there looking around for random chairs n shit, I still was going to go for that one because fuck it. But right as I was about to start walking back there, some PA thing turns on and someone announces that it's time for all of us to go to the front etc to go do some other shit idfk. I do a little 360 dance thing half deciding to go sit down or whether to go to the front.. and obviously ultimately decide to go to the front. End of dream.

Addendum: I think one of the options analyze and perhaps went into (but I'm leaning towards NOT [went into]) was that the girl whose chair I stole and I had a bit of a feud. Somehow I got her to threaten my life, and then moments later I snapped her neck (either that or I wait for her to kill me). I again wondered if the girl sitting there would give me brownie points [for being so fucking badass] (despite it being her friend (friends are disposable)). I recall saying something like "this is why jail sucks. once you get in you can never get out" (obviously my sentence had been greatly increased for killing her). I then thought about isolated confinement: you might lose your mind but at least you get to keep it to yourself (herp derp trying to hard to be poetic (being alone might drive you crazy, but interacting with every other convict will make you a fucking criminal (I'd rather go insane tbh (but I've never tested that theory)))).