Dreams:
1) Ants, Mice, Stars
2) Bread bunny from toilet(?), scorpion/bea(e?)tle (alien interaction symbology(willem))
3) Kaylee postmaster assistant, package, imaginary friend (guy running by's mom goes to college), military hackers guy, corner kid(me), eyeballing -> pointing, "you shouldn't be playing the fence at school/in a classroom", "let's make this quick" -> gummy lips kiss, nearest bathroom/dorm/somewhere-else

1) This dream is somewhat forgotten. I was at the top of my driveway at my california house near the mailbox and there were ants in a cage or walls of some sort a few feet off the street on the sidewalk/dirt, and there was also the same/similar cage filled with mice.. the mice one closer to the mailbox and street. I watched Moonraker last night, so that's where the mice came from I guess. I figured/assumed/knew that the mice would eat the ants or something, so I "released" the ants and I don't know how it makes any sense but the mice were going to go away as well after some time. I was standing near the mailbox after doing this and I saw like 3 people (2 boys, one man) walking along the street in my direction (it was rare to see someone going down that cold-sack). As they approached they pointed out the night sky (yet it was still daytime when looking at the ground idfk (just now realized this)) and I got to see the magnificient night sky in my dreams again. Looked just like the lucid dream one(s), but it was enjoyable none-the-less. I have this description to add to it: the stars were in a grid-like arrangement (which makes no sense since we're a spherical explosion!). There were just way more of them, they were much brighter, and also easier to see. I'm not sure if in the past dreams they were also in a grid (not sure that they weren't either). So the 3 people were all like "aww what happened to those ants" and I felt semi-guilty even though I hadn't done anything truly evil, and I sort of diverted/ignored the general question and looked back up at the night sky. After some time I finally fessed up and told them I had let the ants go. They didn't seem too pissed and just went over to where the ants were/are (it was taking the ants time to scatter/disperse into the ground) and collected the ants in a vial, or maybe an ant-farm directly (either way it was for an ant farm). Found out the ant farm was for Caydon. Right around here a car alarm outside my window woke me up.

2) At my old house in california in the bathroom there (should have been first giveaway that I was dreaming), there was a hole which more resembled a flat-like sink than a toilet, but it seemed at/near the toilet in that bathroom was so idfk: a tiny, smaller than a dime, like the size of a crumb, little bread "bunny" slowly crawled out of the sink/hole. It moved so slow and as it walked it grew as well. At one point it was cut open (presumably by me, though I don't remember doing the cutting) and I could see inside the breaded part the inner organs or whatever. Looked like a liver or heart or some kind of seafood in there, but it wasn't cut in half for long and continued to grow as just a breaded bunny. Eventually, and what seemed instantaneously because I don't remember it actually happening, it became a scorpion/beatle (I was thinking scorpion in the dream, but as I visualize it now it looked more like a beatle). No more breading around it and it now crawled on the counter in the room-next-to-the-bathroom-although-still-part-of-the-bathroom. As it approached the size of, oh I don't know, a basketball but really meh that description sucks: 2 feet long, 1 foot tall, 1 feet wide. Maybe 3 feet long idfk. As it approached that size it started to slow down some and when it stopped growing, it stopped moving. It was creepily sitting there and I was just looking at it from 3-5 feet away and I kept thinking it was going to lunge at me at any second and own my fucking face. It hadn't made any hostile movements (and was quite cute as a breaded bunny), but the way it sat there motionless and the fact that I knew it was still alive: creepy as fuck. I was backed up to the door/wall to the entire bathroom and at this point I began to rationalize that this is probably a dream. I did my various dream checks but they all fucking failed. It seemed incredibly realistic. I slowly scanned the room with my eyes and etc, but couldn't determine that this was a dream. I decided to turn and open the door behind me: surely if it was a dream then there would be nothing on the other side. I remember thinking "if I find out that this is a dream upon opening this door, don't wake up". I opened the door and the california house hallway was there. I became even more sure that it was reality, and even more creeped out by the scorpion/beatle, still sitting there. I exited the door and peaked my head around the corner/door-frame (though I was still a few feet away from it) over and over, maybe pausing for a second or two before toggling the other direction. I did this 4 or 5 times and then poof, one of the times I looked and it was gone. I didn't see or hear it leave/move, it just wasn't there any longer when I looked. This creeped me the fuck out even more, and I determined that it was my duty to protect my family etc to kill it. I ran to my room and grabbed my cheap chinese knockoff katana that my AZ friend nick gave me and went back to the door frame. I hesitantly reached in and turned on the light so I could find the beatle easier (I figured/assumed that the beatle would be right there and bite my hand lawl). The light, once on, was dim and didn't light up the ceiling entirely. I decided I'd go get a flashlight from my room, and all in the state of panic etc I woke up and was relieved to finally figure out it was a dream. This dream reminds me of evolution/life itself, and the role I played in it could have been that of an alien species watching another one evolve. I also think we need to emit prime numbers (radio,light,etc) repeatedly and in an order that the entire universe would be very improbable to accidentally reproduce in order to announce our presence and peacefulness (Contact pretty much said this same thing, though a bit different). Math and prime numbers are species-agnostic.

3) I was talking to Kaylee and Robinson and Kaylee was talking about her job and how she was about to quit. I didn't even know she had one and after asking I found out it was as "postmaster's assistant". She asked me if I'd take a package from there to her workplace, and I obliged. While walking/running and going over a street on a raised sidewalk, I was talking to someone who I then determined to be an imaginary friend. I didn't know I was dreaming at this point so it really seemed as if I was "coming to terms with" the fact that I had an imaginary friend for the first time. Another person was running along (faster than us) that sidewalk and to verify that I did have an imaginary friend I said to him "your mom goes to college". I don't know how that verified it, but somehow I concluded that if I actually had a tall short haired brunette female friend next to me that he'd have said/done something to indicate it. I was talking to her before all this, but as I said "your mom goes to college" to the guy as he ran passed us, she didn't say anything at all. Arriving at the post office thing which was in a university, a small'ish room packed with maybe 10-15 people, all employees of the post office: one of them was standing behind a pew/podium(??) and in military uniform, with a beret hat and one of those rope things on his shoulder/armpit(?). He was the guy that's in Hackers and Without a Paddle. Aww shit backing up a little. Before going in the office I saw Kaylee in the hallway of the university again. I was looking down but saw her out of the upper-left-corner of my eye and decided to pretend like I didn't see her. After we were pretty far passed each other I turned and yelled her name, but she had already gone around a corner and either didn't hear me or didn't respond. I was going to ask her for directions or perhaps if I could have her old job (I dunno, maybe something else entirely). So back in the office: I talked to hackers guy and said "I'm going to deliver this package and be offered a job" and he said jokingly "you sure about that?" or maybe "oh yeh?". Also idfk why Kaylee had me deliver this package to begin with, but I was talking to my imaginary friend earlier on the sidewalk how I didn't mind the abuse (especially from her ;-P) and I actually kinda liked it (I elaborated this discussion with my imaginary friend about just bondage/etc in general, and how I think I could probably enjoy the "pain" of working out now (I haven't tried working out since [realizing], but I do genuinely believe this may be true)). I handed some lady sitting at a shared table the package and no job was offered, I turned around and walked out (didn't want the job enough to even inquire). Over by the door was a kid sitting with his back to the wall and he was wearing a hoodie and kinda resembled me. His eyes and smile (if I need to elaborate on this, you don't know who I am). I walked out that same door and now had to walk out a full classroom that I don't remember seeing on the way in. I was eyeballing some girl sitting in a desk and she was eyeballing me back. Maybe I knew it was a dream or maybe I was just feeling ballsier than usual (the truth is I have the balls but I never proceed because I would be hiding my true self and I refuse to live "dual" lives like that (I need to launch and this problem is solved (they can see the real me))), but I like pointed toward the door while looking at her so as to motion for her to follow. She got up and started walking towards the door as well, but I had a few moments outside before she caught up where I talked with yet another girl who exited right when I did: she said something along the lines of "why are you playing the fence in class?" (or class=school, idfk) ... "you aren't supposed to play the fence in class/school". I was like "what are you talking about?" and shortly after the girl I was eyeballing walked out and said "let's make this quick"... and actually it sounded like she was going to follow that with a rejection but I didn't give her the chance and I put my hand on her face and pulled her in for a kiss and yea. It was a gummy kiss and felt good etc. I asked her if there was a bathroom (CLASSY!) around and she said no (lol wut?). Then I asked her if she had a dorm and she said no. But since that OTHER girl was still standing there watching or something I/we decided that we'd at least go somewhere else. I think we were heading down the hallway to a gym when Caydon fucking banging his mouse playing teeworlds woke me up.