0) Foreigner intrusion
1) Data, cops, and guy (threaten to kill)
2) Poly, 2 girls, Aerial, warm pussy, bomb, flash corrupt


0) Night before last. My friends and I were dicking around in a room talking about various TV shows, idfk what exactly we were talking about but I recall arguing over Beavis and Butthead and Family Guy -- probably which is better but that's just a guess. We decide to go somewhere, maybe pizza or beer, this is another guess. We're sitting in a sedan in the driveway of my old cali house, doing something idk why we aren't driving. MAYBE that's where the tv show discussion took place but I remember it being in a room. Anyways I/we look over and see the front door of the house open. We know we didn't leave it open so we all figure something's up. We run in and my sister is frantic and says that a foreigner has intruded (I recall the word being use in the sense "intrusion", but I can't remember the sentence surrounding it). We run towards the back of the house to go confront him and/or kick him out. I ponder if it would be my death (who knows, he could be armed and feel cornered and yea). I envision a wild animal accidentally trapped in a house, us surrounding it and 'forcing' it (not by touching, just by the positions each of us is standing in and the animal's desire to get away from us) out. The dream ends as we are running to the back.


1) Last night. Idfk what the reason was, but for some reason cops got involved with something or other and my comps were confiscated -- including my secure box. I don't remember any conversations with cops, just their presence. I do remember a conversation with some fucking guy though. Idk who he is I can't remember, seemed like a friend of my dads really. He somehow gets my flash disc and I recall a segment where we're doing a tug-o-war on it, but he wins :( -- and during it I worry it'll break. Uhh I feal distraught because of all the data loss. I remember seeing "180" on the drive, instead of the more accurate "128". I had the day before told Skeith to upload a tw demo to 180upload, and I also download assloads of pirated movies from there. I feel hot and sweaty and pissed and sad etc. I threaten to kill the guy; feels like the first time I ever did.


2) Eh dream took place at poly and partially in a classroom and partially not. I felt more confident in myself and was chatting up 2 girls (well one mainly, but she had a friend). I never did/do this. They seemed mildly interested but idk they must have said no to something because a bit later I called up to Aeriel, who was sitting ~4 rows in front of us (it was a big class) and blatantly asked her if she wanted to fuck. She actually took interest and more or less accepted, which was surprising especially given the way I said it. She stood over me as I sat leaning against a counter, she must have had a skirt on. I could see her bare pussy and it radiated heat. I mean lots of it. Much more than it realistically would, especially given the distance (1-2.5 ft) my face was from her pussy. It wasn't like hot or anything, but was pretty damn warm. The sex wasn't in the dream, maybe it was to come later.

Idk how/where exactly but a bomb is introduced right around this time and it's in the shape of a videocamera initially. I think someone gave it to me idfk. I don't even remember how I found out it was a bomb; MAYBE someone tipped me off? Maybe just god knowledge. I contemplate running down and away from the school, beneath a bridge that people normally traverse but still atop the water below (like the lower, less occupied part of a bridge). The scenery seems like dirt everywhere. I was trying to find a place to safely dispose of the bomb. The bomb later takes the shape of my voice recorder... and inside of it is the flash drive that normally is. I reason that the bomb must be the recorder itself, so I take the flash drive out and plan on just discarding the flash drive. I think I took it out and put it in a few times, idfk why. The last time I took it out, it looked burnt and there was a crack at the tip of it; clearly busted. I keep it anyways just in case (data recovery etc). I get pissed and do a jump and am going to throw the card down into the grass as people (those girls etc?) are watching, and then I do a reversy rewind thingo and go back and forth with my arm pretending I'm switching the directions of time. I then do a backflip 180 and land on my back in the grass and roll down a hill. I am angry at the data loss, but (ed:) it was nothing compared to (1) since it was just SOME data and not ALL data. I give the recorder/bomb to Sean Powers from my elementary school days; I tell him it's a bomb ofc and I guess it's now his responsibility to dispose of it. Oh backtracking a bit: I say to some girl that I don't think the explosion would be THAT big because of the size of the recorder, but she says something along the lines of "you'd be surprised". So yea Sean walks around campus with it for a while, doing idfk what with it. Right before it explodes he just throws it into the distance towards Victoria Ave, it lands in some grass and expldodes (some people are nearby where it lands/explodes, maybe 10-15 ft away). The explosion was quite small, I was right: big enough to do serious damage if in your pocket, but out in the open like that not a huge deal. Maybe a 1ft explosion max, I don't think it was even fireball status (gray maybe?). I conclude that I should have disposed of it myself.