Schless, Roxy, Electricity


I somehow ended up back in high school. Maybe it was just 1 extra year of it right after, or maybe I went back at this age. Somehow I heard/found-out that Schless had opted into having me in her class. She was still disappointed/disapproved that I was coming back, but for some reason she kinda liked me or something and so wanted me in her class. None of this made sense, since the school was MLK Jr., where she doesn't even teach.

I was walking into the classroom, general science or something (not english), and it was just before the bell was going to ring so a lot of students were still standing/walking around and talking and such. I saw Roxy there and I think patted her on the back to get her attention to say hi. Some who saw it got defensive of her. Maybe he didn't know we knew each other and thought I was a stranger to her (a similar incident happened at Highland with Claire, except I think that one was all verbal and not physical (the kid wanted to fight me over it lol)), under which circumstances I might agree that breaking the physical barrier so early on is frowned upon.

The dream changed assloads. That guy somehow rigged some remote control electrocution thing to my body and started abusing it left and right. The 'pain' felt real in the dream. It wasn't THAT painful, just a gripping annoyance you couldn't ignore. He asked me questions and he broke  me whenever needed. I recall attacking him numerous times, pulling at his hair in desparate attempts to escape my situation. He managed to eventually get my passwords from me, he proved it by 'relating me to them in ways only I would see' in front of others (I guess in that same classroom, but idk). I was never 'there' during/after the breaking point. I'd resist the electric shock as long as I could, then there'd be a black screen of sorts (more like A MISSING FRAME than a black frame), then time would continue on and he'd somehow know whatever it was he was asking just before the missing frame. With my long password, he said it was too standard a phrase and that I should throw in a random use of potato chips. With another password, he told me not to use such a mainstream franchise (batman arkham asylum 'package'). Weird that neither of those two hints are actually accurate, I would have thought my subconscious/dreamland would have been more accurate (maybe it intentionally wasn't so that I could write about it here).

He could somehow change whatever he wanted. I recall a small scene of playing teeworlds, I was in the middle of doing a dummy drag underneath some glass, but then blamo in a blink of an eye (after a bit of electrocution) that glass disappeared seemingly right in front of me as I was playing it.

The duration (had:period) I could resist got shorter and shorter, up until it was practically instantaneous, the time between the first electric shock and the missing frame. He asked me towards the end something along the lines of "you're able to not feel it by now, right?" (meaning the duration I could resist had approached 0). Just after that question I awoke and opened my eyes. The first thing I saw was my internet modem on my desk (flashing lights). Nothing weird about that, but what was weird was that right next to it I saw a hand perched up on the desk. There was no wrist/arm, just the hand and the 5 fingers were facing upward. The hand appeared to be decked out with fingers impl. It was the most complete impl I've seen yet. The fingers were flaling wildly and smoothly, without any apparent resistence to the fingers themselves. It was of course just a hallucination, but my first thought was that the guy had electrocuted me enough to get that idea/design out of me and had even gone so far as to implement it. And that he had put me back under in order to try to see what else he could get from me. In all honesty, I don't know for sure that this entire life isn't just that: extraction of ideas by another being. Of course such questions can drive a man mad, so fuck it.


What I took from this dream was actually pleasant: it served as a reminder of one of the PROs of launching: that such electricution/domination would be extremely difficult ot pull off with the general public watching my every move. Sure I'm no harder to kill by being public (neither a pro nor con), but getting me to cough up all my 'secrets' should I be private/encrypted would be hard with everyone watching. If I am private/encrypted and attract a bit of attention (like I already have rofl), such attempts at manipulation are practically guaranteed.