1) Pier, Diving, Ladder, Disneyland
2) 1.8" LCD with trackball on right and 10-key kb on left, me telling nick about having to patch linux for it and me knowing only he'd understand the joy/silly-happy'ness from it
3) Prison, Prison break attempt "PCP CHECK -> '123'", keys flipped
4) Prison classroom, "STOP" signs for (3), change seats (twice, 2nd time mb different dream), spasm


1) Went to a pier with some friends and we all jumped/dove(I dove) off for fun. I remember after diving in approaching the bottom and I stopped with the bottom just inches from my fingers, and I reached out and touched the sand at the bottom (had my eyes open and could see unrealistically far around me), but only for a moment because of my ocean phobia (I stepped on a fishing hook once (lots go fishing off piers)). Upon surfacing, I/we realize that the ladder to get back up is on the other side (we were on the right if you're facing the ocean). Idk what direction they took, but I decided to go around the pier and not under it because of that same phobia. I knew I could hold my breath long enough and it wasn't a matter of dying, I just don't like ocean animals in dark parts of ocean, in addition to if a wave pushed me into one of those beams with muscles on it I'd be grossed the fuck out (also there'd prolly be hooks caught on those beams ffff!). So getting around to the other side I start to climb what is at first a ladder but then kinda sorta transforms into a stair case with railings that were SHIT. The railings were like thick 3inch diameter plastic that was only a half circle anyways, other half instead of completing a circle just went straight down all the way into the staircase (so you couldn't see our shins/feet, ya know?). Right about where your thumb and index finger would barely reach to was a little convex, maybe 1cm deep, rounded indentation that barely did anything to help your grip. It felt like some little tyke bullshit, and the fact that our hands were wet made matters worse. I didn't mentin yet that the stairs were at a 80-90% (almost wrote degrees but that makes no sense) incline. I said something up to my friend Irvin, who was climbing ahead/in-front of me about it being dangerous/etc, and he just turned around and looked down at me and the drop, didn't say anything and just continued climbing upward. The ladder/stairs went way higher than the original pier, and became a staircase up/into a ridiculously high Sleeping Beauty (had:Beautify) princess castle (like the one in the middle of Disneyland). This one was much taller than the Disneyland one, like idk maybe 20 stories instead of ~4. I remember there being multiple doors into the castle once we got toward the top. Irvin had already gone in one, and I never saw him for the rest of the dream (though I still felt his presence one I was inside). One of the doors was higher than the other, and I can't remember if I climed to the highest door or just took the first door the stairway encountered. Maybe also one of the doors was locked, I can't remember: this part of the dream is fuzzy. Anyways, once I got in I went to a window and was more or less at the top of the castle. I looked out the window and across a valley/ravine and saw my family over there on a hill, almost at equal eyesight. I think I waved and asked them to take a picture, but maybe they never saw me and I didn't say anything, idk. I remember a Disneyland employee coming up to me and saying I wasn't allowed in there or something, I forget.


2) My 1.8" LCD, which is still in the mail as of writing, came and I opened it and was surprised to see it came with a 10-digit keyboard for my left hand and a sort of "peg" with a trackball atop it for the right hand (phallic much?). I was a bit baffled as to how they knew I'd want to use it mobily. I didn't question it too much though and just used it. I felt like it was tied into the disneyland portion, but idk how. I also had a brief conversation with nick about how I thought it was funny/cool/1337(though barely) that I had to (and it's true, I really have to) patch the linux kernel to get it to work :-P.


3) I feel like this one related to/stemmed from the Disneyland one as well, perhaps I was arrested for tresspassing? I met a guy in the prison and all of us prison convicts were standing in a long hallway all lined up n shit. My friend told me he was going to try to break out by impersonating a guard and then I got to watch him try as well. A door off to the side at one end of the hell could be opened by a guard by shouting something to a guard at the other end and then entering a 3-digit code into the door (funnily, only 3 keys on it). I can't remember if the keys were "ABC" or "123", but it doesn't matter really. He did the voice of the guard impersonation spot on, it sounded just like the guard. He then walked over to enter the code, but typed it in wrong and alarms went off. The code was "123" but on the door the labels read (from top to bottom): "1 3 2", so I guess he typed 132 while trying to type 123 xD. Guards came and yadda and I think both of us (idk how they associated me, since I was just standing/watching (still in line)) were put in isolation for a time. Oh yea the words he shouted before entering the code were "PCP check" or something. Idk why it was a drug lol, might be wrong with that...


4) In a prison classroom (very much like actual school is (fucken cunts)), where we were basically in school all damn day (fucken cunts),

I'm against forcing education down people's throats and yet the only reason I am who I am today is because education was forced down my throat.

, I was helping that same escape attempt friend to make "STOP" signs for some other attempt. Idk wtf they'd be used for lol, but it was his plan not mine. I had to fold the thick paper in half in order to hide it under some books in my desk, and I did it just in time as a teacher was walking up from in front of me and she'd go behind me to look in the desk. She then told me to move desks and like I think I 'thought about' how I should have hidden the STOP sign in a different place than my own desk and decided that I should have hidden it in the desk next to me (the one she told me to move to), and just by thinking that it was now hidden there. I moved my "books" over really quickly and she commented that that's the fastest she's ever seen anyone move desks.

Later I was at a different desk and the classroom was facing the opposite direction and I wasn't any longer in "the back" but now in the middle and toward the right (facing the front). The teacher was going on about something... some sentence... but I can't remember any more than that. I, my body, suddenly started spazzing out and I like floated up into the air and twisted and turned sporatically (felt good/fun tbh, even though I was wtf'd about it at the time since I was in a classroom and all). I thought I landed one desk behind where I was, but after I "came to" (dizzy) I realized I was now in "the back" and now on the far left side. The teacher remarked at the spasm and described it jokingly to the class (they all saw it). I was more baffled that I landed where I thought I didn't. Sideways spinning + flipping all as mere "convulsions (uncontrollable muscle flexings)", was fun. Oh I guess that means I changed desks 4 times in total :-P..