1) Green scaffold dance ("Usually boys look cute when they're sad")
2) Street mountains family
3) Caydon ice skating on rubber ("Pay? You might as well steal")
4) Pirate -> lucid golf


Floating lucid in one of them can't remember (tried to jump, floated instead of gravity)

Eh had shit tons of visual/engaging dreams, some lucid (some not remembered), after that earlier one today. Fucking amazing I think I've unlocked a portion of my brain or some such (idfk).


1) I was on a hill with 3 streets nearby and heard a honk and in the car were a few girls and maybe one guy. They were just saying hi or maybe trying to scare me, but definitely trying to get a reaction of some sort. To humor them I, after a few seconds of boring waving and just seeing them driving away, jumped/rolled down the hill. I remember there being something backwards about it, as if I landed on my spine and tumbled backwards or something. Sometime after I started rolling, maybe after I was on the ground, one of them said the quote. It made sense in the dream but doesn't now, but anyways I analyzed it and thought about how there's a stereotypical "way to behave" and that it's fucking bullshit to expect/demand people to be in line with it. I think I had a more solid argument than that in the dream, but I can't remember it.

Later I don't know where I/we were but I was above them (maybe a different group/dream altogether) in an alleyway like out back behind a club in NY/LA/etc on a green scaffolding. I became lucid and fucking danced. It was fun. What else is there to say? The dream ended as I was dancing (and so shall my life (guess)).


I want to take a time out to analyze lucid dreams. I say "I have control" = lucid, but it's weird that I'm noticing less and less control in them (despite still meeting my definition "in the moment"). It's like.... definitely "awareness" of the dream as a prerequisite, but the control factor isn't as high as I thought (wish?). I am in control of my persons but the environment is still mostly chaotic and created by my subconscience --- AND there are no laws of physics so things do not always happen how you expect them to (it is fun like an amusement park ride, but if that was the only reality I knew, I'd probably hate it and it'd make me sick). It's like a combination feeling: both me and my subconscience are "willing" the dream's environment. I feel like I chose daphodils but actually I don't. ???

Btw none of the dreams in this one even remotely compare to the moon/daphodil dream. It may have been the best one of my entire life, though I doubt it :).


2) My family and I were out on some road trip and there was much more to this than I can recall (I lay in bed reciting all 4 (?) of these dreams numerous times before getting up to write them .. and woke up in between some too but eh hard to justify writing them after the daphodil one (which I jumped out of bed within seconds to write)). We were in Arizona/desert environment and my dad and brother were off doing something and I was standing in the middle of the road staring intensely off into the distance. My mom/sister were in a parking lot next to the road I was on and were watching me. I would see them watching me and forget and toggle between the two numerous times. Mostly I was staring off into the distance at a red mountain/cluster of mountains, the Arizona kind. It reminded me of the mountains/hills over by Saguaro Lake. I had tunnel vision and my eyes could focus REALLY close on the mountains themselves, and as I stared at them and they were the only thing in focus (I'd forget my body), lucidity (awareness, at least) flickered on and off rapidly and I remember sthaiynking "that/this is me" or some such. I did at some point toward the end realize I was standing on a street and not too far in front of me was a downward hill that I couldn't see the bottom of (so a car coulda snuck up on me) and I decided to go stand somewhere else not in the road.


3) Caydon and I were exploring some small city/town thing and I think we were in a deserted building and turned around to leave when a large group of people, sort of like a gang, came out of nowhere and started ice skating. I actually don't remember them ice skating until the flashback in a bit, but they sure did something and although we were scared at first, no harm was done. The next day Caydon and I were in a different area of the same town and the same people came for practice. In the center of a rubber/floor (the spotty kind -- you wouldn't ice skate on this shit normally) about the size of a normal ice skating rink, maybe bigger, was a standing area (like the center of nascar, though way smaller and for only like 10 people). Me and Caydon were there at first alone when they all came in, and so did some "owner/coach" guy who was kind enough to let Caydon borrow some ice skates without either of us even asking. After Caydon was off ice skating and it was just me and the other guy (maybe some others, but they were just there), I asked him how much to rent/borrow some for myself. He seemed baffled and made a joke about it: "Pay me? You might as well steal them from me". I didn't get the joke and still don't. He let me borrow some for free ("old towny ultra kind type (stereotype at least :-P)") and the dream ended right around here.


4) At the beginning of the dream the topic of Somolia and their existing pirate problem was mentioned (THX SUBCONSCIENCE FOR FORESHADOWING). It was mentioned on the news or something idfk. So the first thing I remember after that was being on a ship ON THE LAND heading directly toward the coast (made no sense). I was standing on the front of the ship and addressing a crowd, who was a little bit lower than me. I forget what I was talking about but all of the sudden CRASH and the front part of the ship completely fell off, along with me falling backwards. We were at the shoreline and the front of the ship and I fell into the water. I turned around and I think I saw a pirate ship (but only one pirate so idk). The pirate like dove in to get me or something and he just had this determined and excited grin on his face, like he was born to do this and he fucking loved it. I was in a state of panic trying to swim away as fast as possible but he was an expert swimmer and fucking swam at me ridiculously fast, despite having a fucking knife in his teeth and a hook for a hand (LOL). He caught me and plopped me onto his shoulder or something (he was fucking buff) and went to go grab some of the other people. This scene is really hard to remember/describe but basically I escaped and got re-captured NUMEROUS times and it was all OH SO VERY FUCKING FAST with nice slow down effects for the cool parts. He would wrap a rope around my foot and hoist me up and I'd escape it/fall/keep-running within moments, etc. I remember distincly looking at a rope/knot in front of me that I was holding onto or climbing or something, and I saw the shadow of his hook just BARELY miss the back of my head (this part was slomo). It was all basically a capture/escape/scramble-onto-land/rinse/repeat/rly-fucking-fast scene... and it ended oh so abruptly as I turned around and didn't see him in sight. I thought now he was just fucking with me: he was hiding in some knee/waste-high brown wheat/grass that we were now in (there was also a tree line in between that and the shore). I kept jumping to turn around and look if he's coming at me from my flank, for a good few seconds and maybe a minute or so I did that. He had paranoia instilled in me (HMMMMMM evolution kthx?). I eventually concluded that he went to go capture some other people instead, and right around this time I became lucid (control too) and yea not much control but some idfk, I walked up a hill away from the coast and was now at Victoria Country Club and this girl I knew from Jr High/Elementary was there working. I wanted to do flips down the hill since I knew I was dreaming, but I hadn't passed my 100% test yet so I was scared of breaking some bones. I also concluded that since I couldn't do flips IRL (I mean I can, but I usually don't land them), I wouldn't be able to in a dream (can only [lucid] dream that which you know?)... so I bitched out. I saw some golfers down at the bottom of the hill doing the green of their hole, and in front of me was a practice/putting green that someone was on. Over to my right was the snackbar, where the girl I knew (name escapes me but uhh brunette) was working. Someone said something about putting and she asked me to help some guy on the practice green and I was eh hesitant (maybe still thinking about flipping etc) and after seeing I was hesitant she walked out from the snack bar, said "it's easy" or something similar, and then putted the ball in the hole. The end.