Lucid dream -> Thought I was awake dream

Had a lucid dream on the day of my grandpa Wieler's funeral. It was a post-funeral... nap...

I walked into my grandma's living room and my cousin Nathan, Grandma Wieler, and Aunt Teresa were all sitting on chairs/couches. I walked into join them and said "I think I'm dreaming"... or perhaps "I think this is a dream". They asked me "why?" I thought it or something along those lines... and I said as I sat down and rested my head against the back of the couch: "Because I'm reaaaallyy sleeeepy..." [and then drifted off to sleep].

There was a 5 second... intermission if you will... where I suppose/guess/don't-really-know that my brain was trying to figure out what exactly was going on. What state was I now in? Falling asleep in a lucid dream is a weird experience I'll tell you that much. For 5 seconds there was just... black. I felt like I was tripping balls and only could "feel" my brain. I am even kind of thinking that aside from blackness, I also only saw my brain during those 5 seconds... but am unsure. It may have only been black.

So then I woke up (or so I thought). I was laying in the office that I was really sleeping in in this next stage of the dream. I thought about how cool it was that I just had a lucid dream. BTW I was sleeping in my grandpa's (old?) office. I guess it still is his office... but yea I mean he's not going to be using it anymore ya know? Anyways, my dad like opened the door and peeked his head and said something like "you need to get up" or some shit. He closed it and went away and I started to try to get up... but I couldn't. For some reason I just couldn't lean forward and get up. It should have been the first sign that I was still dreaming, but it didn't click yet. Then the surface I was laying on became a videogame rocking chair thing that I've had since childhood. It's like a rocking chair but on the ground more. I remember feeling the leather padding underneath my back and then feeling with my hand the side of the chair. There is a white plastic strip that is pretty memorable if you've ever sat in it [for a while I suppose] and felt it.. because the plastic is like coming off kinda at some spots. The position that the chair has you in naturally was... I suppose... the point I was at in trying to lean forward... when the rocking chair... emerged. That should have been the second giveaway that I was still dreaming. So I finally lean all the way forward and the mostly-leaning-back-low-rocking-chair-thing became a regular non-descript chair. That should have been the third sign. I stood up and to my left and above me was a light switch (like a ceiling fan fixture, but I don't recall whether or not there was a fan (may have been -- but it's irrelevant)). I started pulling it to try to turn on the light and the fucking light wouldn't turn on. I pulled it a few times... maybe 5 or so.. and was like "wtf?". I was looking at the light/switch the whole time but only after around the 5th or so I noticed there wasn't even a light bulb screwed in. In the center of the fixture was an empty slot where the lightbulb was supposed to go (upon analyzing after waking, it the ceiling fixture was a 4-bulb design so didn't match the dream's anyways). It was at that point that I concluded that I must still be dreaming... and then I woke up for real (though I of course wondered if I was still dreaming for a little while).


filename edit: "falling asleep in a lucid dream on my gpa wielers funeral day.txt almost added characters to the end of that filename but it is an impossible reproduction.txt unless you factor in infinite multiverse theory in which case this file doesnt exist except now as i type it.txt" <-- the filename was too long rofl so i'll just use the truncated original