Dreams:
1) Irvin
2) RMS / Clifford
3) Roxann


1) This one's blurry and I would semi-wake after it and reflect upon it and I guess somehow be thinking that I'd be documenting it (foreshadowing for lost docs when in mind patched to mouth mode?) and re-thinking it and forking it just like that other dream. This forking rethinking thing is new/weird. I am like laying in bed, knowing I am laying in bed, somewhat asleep (??????????), "thinking" about the dreams.... when like all of the sudden I "trip" logically and fall forward into the dream again. More like... I "drop in" to the wave/dream and "ride" it. I am analyzing it (perfectly on the top of the wave) and then I "accidentally" drop in and stay in because of momentum (????). It makes me analyze what sleep is. OH MY GOD MAYBE THE FINAL STAGE OF CALIBRATING/BOOTSTRAPPING MY BRAIN IS TO NEVER SLEEP.... or to sleep while awake... or to dream while awake. I don't know what I'm trying to say here. But my dreaming lately feels more like I am awake, is the point. I am laying in bed with my eyes closed, alive, and dreaming. What is sleep? Sleep is poorly defined. You are still alive (had:awake). Sleeping in code is letting other processes do shit. So maybe sleeping in our brains is handing over execution entirely to subconscious? It kind of makes sense, although I am admittedly reaching, that when you get better and better at lucid dreaming... the two merge... OR SOMETHING. I don't lucid dream that often, but I am young and shit I HAVE been lucid dreaming way the fuck more LATELY than ever before. Analogy: sleep in code, but then the "other processes" call the same code/process that was sleeping (a duplicate instance, then? maybe this analogy fails -- because I don't think we can have a duplicate forelobe "process") and then the original process checks to see if it's been forked() or not so it knows what thread it's on (I know whether or not I am sleeping by doing basic checks). The "context" is what's most interesting. I should, hypothetically/theoretically/BLIND-FUCKING-GUESSING-HERE<3, have complete access to my subconscious. I need to get better at triggering lucid dreams. I should have at least one a night. Shit would be so cash. By having them more often, I can attempt to analyze wtf I'm getting at by analyzing this. "Laying in bed with your eyes closed [asleep] knowing you're dreaming but not having control of it" = ????????. It's like I can see myself laying on the bed dreaming, but I'm also "in" the dream. I know I've written about trying to walk into the room I am sleeping in in a lucid dream... but I don't think that's what this is (or perhaps it is and I'm just not used to the foreign experience). I don't recall ever "walking in" intentionally (and I still plan on trying).

"In this horror... In this horror... I gotta know... I just gotta know..." - Royksopp
"Let's break away, take a chance with me" -Royksopp (I thought they were saying "let's break away, take a dance with me" once when I was really tired and squirming/dancing in bed (can't wait for "above bed" cam to capture it (FUCK SHAME)))

Ok sorry back on subject: I don't know but it makes sense that the subconscious would "hold back" on it's direct communication line with the forelobe (except when "dreaming", where it dazzles it). Semi-OT: Subconscious is the binary blob firmware/driver/kernel(not sure if kernel fits this analogy (firmware is best wording imo)), Forelobe/conscience/logic is the open source operating system built on top. Blah blah all this and I haven't even written the dream yet. Like I said it was blurry but we were in some desert and hilly area and I think somehow we "jumped" really far across fuckin hills and shit idfk. Or at least I did. I looked "back" and Irvin had fallen down into an underground multi level parking lot. I saw his body laying motionless at the bottom of roughly 5 story drop. I began descending through the stairs and he was out of view most of the decent. His body kept popping up in various places. Like, they didn't match where I had seen from above. I must have found his body at least 3 different times. Later, but I'm not sure when/why/where(except still in parking lot), there was a cop (had:copy) on a PA or someshit and he was yelling shit at me but I can't remember what. Hah, extra hilarious that I wrote "copy" on accident considering what I say next: he sounded like me... except a slight variant. In fact I'm almost sure it was a variant of me (I guess I should say a CLOSE variant ;-P). Oh and either before or after the cop on the PA, there was a box on a stand with 3 legged stand toward the bottom. The box was maybe 2 ft tall and and maybe 1ft for both depth and width. Overall, including the stand, it was roughly the size of a human (6ft or so). Right smack dab on the front of the box was a light, or a laser, or a camera. I forget which. It shined something at me, or I saw it light up, and I like sprinted towards it and.......??????........ pressed it's button? Btw I think most of what I'm writing is a fork and the original is lost xD. Hmm now that I think more on it, I think the "jumping" towards the beginning might have been a sort of gliding. Meh.


2) I was in a library or something with Richard motherfucking Stallman. God damn he's such a baller. Anyways, I think he was giving me a tour'ish but I can't be sure. We were definitely walking around and looking at shit. I even contemplated telling him that I was going to use a derivative of his license and that I had mentioned him in my writings (lol here we go again <3), but I didn't want to get in an argument with him over GPL etc and I also didn't want to creep him out by telling him I write about him (SUP). In reality I do want to have that argument with him (not the yelling kind), but in the dream I sort of just wanted to savor the experience of being in the presence of a god. So yea we like bust out this fucking Clifford book and I think it was dated either 1988 or 1989... either way roughly my age. I think he gave some spiel about us only having access to it because of freedom (free software doesn't really apply, but that was the undertone). We used the Clifford book to assemble a little toy car that was foot pedalled. It was a little red metal toy foot pedal'd car that sat two. We both drove for a duration of time but I actually felt uncomfortable driving it because I didn't want to break it. Before or after this (unsure), I was looking at the clifford book itself. The pages were worn and the letters were bubbly. The best way I can describe it is rusty (except not metal obviously). The letters were like pealing off the page. I thought about how I and the book were the same age... and I understood that the reason I'm in such good condition by comparison is that I generate new cells constantly.


3) This dream I was pretty sure was real (until I woke up). Roxann was making live porn with two other dudes. It was an interesting dream because I got to see Roxann giving a blowjob and, like I said, it looked real (therefore, was :-P). There were two cameras. One was a close up of the three messing around, and another was up above and in the corner of the room aiming down. I pressed some button on my computer to trigger the camera change (although I was surprised to see the other/above angle). I wondered if perhaps Roxann was being conned into making the porn (the above cam)... or if she was conning them (the close up cam (her laptop etc)). I determined that it was most likely that they all 3 agreed to both cameras, but I lol'd at the possibility that both her and the other 2 were attempting to con each other simultaneously. Like, they were both broadcasting the [secret] live streams to the same "live stream publishing" site... and didn't even know it.