Had just now, seconds ago, what was without a doubt the best dream/moment of my entire life... by an order of magnitude. It was a lucid dream. I'm going to start with the end because it was the best and just happened and don't want to forget anything.


I wanted to test lucid'ness in a deam and somehow got it in my head that by killing someone in a dream I could test that. I became lucid and saw a hispanic man that was killable. I also saw a killable white man. On a picnic table that appeared out of nowhere, I saw a shotgun that I knew was loaded and could easily be used for testing. I stopped and thought long and hard while holding up and looking at my hands, open palmed toward my face: "am I 100% sure this is a lucid dream?". My subconscience must have loved that I performed this check (or my brain, idfk), because it I guess you could say rewarded me. Oh also right around this time I decided not to kill either of them but to just enjoy the lucid dream (omfg pleasure/bliss). I was worried that the sudden jolt/loudness-of-shotgun would make me snap out of the dream etc (or maybe I backed down on ethical grounds (WHICH!?!?)). ANYWAYS, onto the AMAZING shit: I turned left and ran around in the grass. I remember feeling everything. Every single sensor on my body was active and giving my brain maximum pleasure. It was the best feeling in the world, much better than an orgasm (orgasm is like "same feeling but mostly just in crotch region and not nearly as amplified"). I looked up at the moon, or maybe the sun since it was daytime (???), and I saw MOTHERFUCKING CRAZY ASS COLORFUL AS SHIT ELECTRICAL SIGNALS going through it, from left to right. It was by far the most visually engaging scene in the dream, though it by itself didn't give me any/much feels (was still "feeling the grass"/air/everything). There would be swirls that would take red/blue and ravel/unravel all in fractions of a second and I _KNEW_ that what I was staring at metaphorically represented ME, or my brain, or whatever. The patterrns were gorgous, and although it was always a line from left to right, there was tons of bending in between and it made patterns and changed colors smoothly and quickly. I think the elecriticity at one point took the shape of a vagina and ovaries, with the ovaries on the left and the vagina exit on the right... BUT I'm not too sure about that. This whole moon/sun scene lasted like 1-5(?) seconds tops. I looked back down at my environment and continued running around in it. There were lots of dandelions that were fucking AMAZING to touch (they + moon/sun were best part by far). Very much in the same way I felt everything, I felt with even more extreme precision: every white spec of every dandelion as I ran around the field letting my hands glide (tempted to put: slide) over them. Every white spec gave every sensor on my hand a tiny jolt of electricity that was oh so very fucking pleasurable to feel. The minute friction between my hand and the dandelion was noticeable and delightful (hence, glide not slide). At one point I was tempted to go lay down in the grass, but idk somehow talked myself out of it because I didn't want to feel itchy (the fact that it was a dream was starting to be forgotten). Woke up not long after, just running around in the field touching dandelions and feeling/enjoying everything.


Dollar, rewind anyways

I was watching a game unfold and I think I might have even been a part of it. It was a soccer (later, baseball) game or something. I had travelled back in time somehow and wanted to pause and do something later towards the end of the game. I forget what it was, but it depended on the exact state of the game. I rewound further than I needed to, and then I modified the primer/beginning of the game. I think my time travelling self may have kicked the ball, or perhaps deduced that my mere precense over by one of the goal lines (not in a crowd), and I think I even had set up video cameras near the goal lines, would alter the game itself and ruin my results/whatever. I concluded that I'd need to stay out of sight/etc in order for the game to play out exactly how I wanted/needed(?) it to.

There was a wall and a bathroom over at one side of the field (and perhaps the other) and inside it and to the left was the two bullies from Hocus Pocus (just watched with Caydon). I don't remember them doing anything specifically, but later on which I was thinking about "killing to test free will in a lucid dream (OR SOMETHING (the exact scientific test/logic of it slips me))" I considered hiring them or somehow having them help. I also remember thinking that if I lured one of the soccer players in there and killed him "to the left" and was unseen about it, it would still alter the soccer game and yea.

I had a time travel partner but I forget who it is. I remember going and telling him, or wanting to go and tell him, that we'd need to start over and not interfere in any way with the game (our mere presence). I think it might have been Nick but idfk. I also think the experiment or purpose of lining up the game to where it was before was so that I could kick the ball or something at some precise time toward the end, but this is also not known.

It was weird that I was in a dream and didn't know it yet when I came up with / concluded that I could kill a person in a lucid dream as a way of testing free will (so the test/logic may have been faulty, idfk (can't remember, it may be true for all I know)).

So uhh yea the game was unfolding in a modified manner and I was walking around by the sidelines where the crowd and a snackbar was, I was testing out hiding places and stuff for next time I suppose. I remember going to the snack bar and not buying anything because a flavored drink was too expensive (or maybe not, idfk). Right around now the game became baseball and I was on the 3rd base side and pretty close to home plate actually (though still behind the game). I walked out from underneath a table with a tablecloth drooping down on all sides (potential hiding spot) and went over to this tree where I knew, from a previous dream that seemed oh so real but meh I don't fucking remember it now lol, that three dollars were wadded and tucked into a branch so that the folded bills were in between the base and the branch and the branch squeezed it a little and held it in place (thick branch too). I remember having distinct permission from the snackbar owner, who put it there, that I could do so. I think I used the dollar on a water bottle, but I think the water bottles may have been free anyways (then what?). As I was getting my one dollar out, some lady approached me and asked if I could have a dollar and I gave it to her. I think she knew of the system with the tree and the permission to do so, but idk. I put the final dollar back in place in the tree and lol'd when I eventually remembered/concluded that it didn't fucking matter that I took a dollar, because I'd be rewinding and "not interferring with" the environment again (and the money would be back in the tree). Right around/after having that thought, I think I was invited to play baseball as the batter. Either the pitcher or umpire or idfk someone near became the hispanic man and I think my initial tool for killing him (right around here is when I became lucid) was the baseball bat itself. The white man and picnic table appeared on the field in between home/pitcher/third. There was other regular picnic shit on the table, but I can't remember any specifically.

The "Am I 100% this is a lucid dream?" test seemed more rigorous than usual, perhaps because I was planning on intentionally removing a "life" (it isn't a life, imo, if it's in a dream (but eh one could argue that reality and dreams are the same thing but with much different "lengths")). I felt like I only ever got to 99.999999% "aproaching 100" and even though I was QUITE certain it was a lucid dream, I wasn't "100%". Or at least, I wasn't 100% enough to kill someone. Still I did feel as though I could have, and hell I think I was even pretty close to it... but yea like I said I changed my mind and just enjoyed the lucidity.

Words do not do it justice, and it was by far my favorite minute of being alive. BY FAR.

I know know that the bliss I have as of now only theorized about, ACTUALLY EXISTS, and I'm "pretty fucking sure" (tm) that you have to be a good person in order for your subconscience/brain to give/reward it to you... so yea for completely selfish reasons I am really really glad that I've decided to be a good person [also for selfish reasons xD].


The electricity in the moon also formed a spine at one point (so many patters in just a few seconds). It was like a line that did a sine wave that then became a bunch of circles on both top and bottom (all still one continuous line, of course) then unravelled OH SO SMOOTHLY. I think toward the end of the few seconds the line levelled out and became flat, or flat'ish, again, but idfk. Obviously indicating my death which I've long since accepted (death by suicide brought on by boredom is my fate should I be fortunate enough to "live indefinitely" -- RESET to make everything forgotten/interesting again ^_^).


It also didn't make sense how I could so easily reach the dandelions at my feet as I ran around, and even though I realized it in the dream I didn't think too hard about it and didn't give a fuck because I knew it was a lucid dream and the laws of physics didn't apply.

The grass, even when not touching it, or maybe it was the air idfk, all around me (BEFORE dandelions), felt similar'ish to the dandelions themselves, but weren't nearly as amplified. It was a more medium (still amazing feeling) all over my body on every spec/cell... whereas the dandelions on my fingertips/hands were like SLOW MOTION ZOOM THE FUCK INTO THE CONTACT POINTS OF THE WHITE "points" of the dandelion and show them "magnetically clinging onto a single part of my finger/hand for just the briefest of moments, all of which was OMFG the best feeling ever (electric, though not painful)"


edit: changed daphodil to dandelion lol... there are lots of docs that reference this dream as "the daphodil dream" heh. and yes i also realized daffodil was spelled wrong too xD