candy deal at store with unlimited candy woot

uncle bumming candy. i was like "wtf man there's unlimited why not refill your own bag".. but we were already in the car at this point and i wondered if you could go back in the store for a refill still (it was supposedly an all day pass you bought i guess idfk)

dad blue wine snifter + bowl + bro/sis. the best wine i ever had was like candy/sweet blue and my dad wanted to try some and he "told me" (guh) to fill up his snifter and also a bowl. at first i didn't even want to try it because i already had some earlier but then i ended up having a sip from one of the snifters. my bro/sis were near and like sitting on the couch. i think this random scene took place at our cali house.

giant gummy on side of freeway as we were driving home from the unlim candy store. it was a HUMAN size gummy, not just those 5lb ones they have now

shit it gone when we get there

suddenly we're at a bazaar?

no idea where it goes from here but somehow:

in girls bathroom scene (lots of others and scandal and we all get kicked out)

into boys bathroom, i head to back and it becomes a warehouse store (same store as first line coincidentally)

at first the place is closed and i steal a package of zebra striped bubble gum and a giant chocolate bar after watching some guy show another guy where the gum is at

then walk further into the back of the store and pass some girls selling a trampoline chair
or a spring chair
but the pictures he's sitting in the spring chair on top of a trampoline and there's multiple pictures at different heights. the highest of which says 30ft and also "simulation". the trampoline is also 30 feet in the air with him/the-chair rofl wtf?

i get to checkout and they re-ring my shit plus my mom's shit who happens to walk up next to me while i'm in line and we talk about who knows what

since my mom already bought her stuff that was being re-rang, was hard to explain for a bit. my shit shoulda cost 7 and that's all i had and with my mom's it was like 11.

mom's stuff was like a pipe and it had been burned some so that made good evidence for me

i bought SOMETHING (no idea what) but started getting a bit worried when cops started showing up (they thought i was going to make a run for it after not having enough money idfk). i thought maybe they saw me on the cameras when i stole that shit but at the time i figured the cameras were off. i also kind of ... luckily/coincidentally... slipped the gum/choco into my pocket while walking behind a counter (with clothes on it type thing) that blocked the cameras view. during another counter i also "fakely" set the gum/choco back down (which makes no sense really)

once i convinced the checkout lady that i didn't want the other 2 items (regardless of whose they were etc) and that i wasn't a thief, the cops started going away and i finally was able to relax.

as i sat/stood there (remember more of sitting) finishing checking out i saw a snake on like a wooden... toy thing about as tall as a person... like 20 feet away. and i saw the cops (had: snakes lol typo) walking away too. it brought me back to an earlier [part of the?] dream where i had experienced something similar so it was like foreshadowing of sorts. in the first one a snake had crawled under me and i could feel it on my legs (i was laying down) and shit and then it just crawled away. was scary but not much happened

ok so we're back in like... the middle of some random streets and shit now... which kind of reminded me of france during the revolution for some reason. earlier in the dream and i have no idea where this fits in, i witnessed a house that had fallen over being devoured by the mob. like hundreds of people stopping what they're doing and bum rushing the horse to try to get a piece of it's meat. they all fought each other and shit for it too. this horse fall/devour took place in the distance and i didn't think much of it when i saw it. it was just puzzling i guess

but right about now in the dream it happened AGAIN, except right behind me like 20 feet. all i saw where people running past me as fast as possible and i feared for my life as i thought i would get trampled. i knew what was going on once i turned around and saw the horse on the floor... it's flesh being ripped off it's body. i asked my friend who i was standing with (unnamed) if they were eating it right away (when i saw the first one i thought they were getting larger chunks and taking them home and cooking them for their families), and he said yea. i was able to see the individual handfuls of meat and this time the visuals were at lot more detailed. the mob was tearing both the horse and themselves apart. it looked almost cartoony how fast the horse lost it's meat. there was also a 2-man fight that had not even been about the horse any longer. one guy had another pinned and he said "you are not getting up [name]". some 3rd guy also walked up and stomped as hard as he fucking could on the guy who was pinned's hand. the guy who was pinned was then let up and now in a huge amount of pain and he wailed. i could see his hand red from the stomp. people were like throwing each other off the horse so they themselves could get in for the meat.. was how most of them were fighting.

this was like a really large and beefy horse and it was like a horse attached to like a carriage and was the city's taxi system kinda (or maybe they were police units i forget). the way the horses fell was also kinda cheesy they just like up and tipped over perfectly like a piece of wood would. as soon as they hit the ground the mob began.

so we ended up walking over towards where the horse carcus was (which somehow had moved a little bit "up" the street (slight hill at this point, but the devour took place in more of the center/flat/courtyard of the streets)), and i heard some guy or my friend say "he's still breathing" or "i bet he's still breathing" (i forget which). i thought that was absurd as no horse would still be alive... but as we got closer i could see into the horses eyes as it just lay there and it.... was in fact still breathing. it had no lungs or any body fat whatsoever really so it looked weird when it breathed. the entire horse was like 1 inch wide and basically completely flat on the ground. there were no wounds from where hands had ripped away meat, so the dream was inconsistent. the horse's eyes looked around and at us and they just looked... sad...

the horse got up. this was surprising. it knew it was dying and had a sad facial expression. either that or the lack of muscles to form an expression made him look rather blank. the horse looked ridiculous and also looked much shorter... more like a pony and like short + long instead of... more proportional like a horse... at this point. the horse wobbled and walked across the street using it's remaining energy and then it walked partway into an ally (like 2 feet) and then turned right and, with difficulty, climbed into a window. that same window the same horse probably couldn't have even fit in before... nor would it have been a difficult height. the window was to a bakery shop with some nanny-like sign that i can't remember what it said. i remember making a mental note to go in there to see what kind of well-run place a horse would choose to die at. "props to them" etc.

the horse was going to go in there and sit/lay and die pretty much. i did not follow the horse into there and kinda lost sight of it through a different window.... but i also lost sight of it because it was at this point that i began to cry. i laid on the ground and kind of curled up in a ball and had my arms straight down beside me and i remember clenching dirt and it feeling pretty real. i tucked my head a little downward (i was on my side btw) so that the top/back of my head was facing the bakery that the horse wobbled into.... and i just cried.

i've never cried that hard in my life. i saw myself in the horse's position and it just opened the floodgates. when seeing myself in my own and the people around me's position i didn't really see it as that much of cry-worthy or perhaps thought they'd wonder why i'm crying, but i very quickly thought about my drug experiences and learned ability to see things from others' perspectives pretty well. i thought: "fuck them, i shall stay the horse and continue to weep". i was bawling. i was yelping. i was sobbing. i was letting it all out and it felt good. even when my dog died when i was 12 i remember feeling a similar sadness, but i think i mostly held it back as best i could (which wasn't very well anyways). with this one i just "let go". i just wept in the dirt AS the horse and clenched dirt in each hand. i figured those same cops would show up so i probably shouldn't make too long of a scene (ON THAT NOTE: FUCK COPS FOR MAKING US UNCOMFORTABLE WHEN DOING PERFECTLY LEGAL THINGS LIKE CRYING IN PUBLIC (YOUR PROTECTOR SHOULD NOT MAKE YOU FEAR YOUR PROTECTOR)).