i guess what the buffing scrapes dreams means is that even if i do censor myself... my files... my hard drive
what i've done has been done
i cannot change the past

i can try with all my might to censor it
but that doesn't mean it wasn't there

however
does that mean i shouldn't try to censor?
not necessarily

because there was a purpose of trying to buff out the scrapes
so my dad, the owner of the car, doesn't get mad

which translates to...
uhh...

no idea.

the earthly self of everyone being dissapointed in me?
for throwing it all away?

on one hand, yes i am throwing it all away (and i'm now trying to stop. slapped the fuck out of myself the other day and i think it worked (the thoughts mostly))
on the other, i would never have gotten to where i am today without acting that way
it defines me.

insanity builds character.
character filled with apathy
but character nonetheless

there is a healthy amount of apathy.
and i am way beyond it...

regardless, having none is useless
there is definitely such thing as caring too much
especially all about the wrong things
this is the category that most people fall into

there is no line

bool apathy = true;

how does i scale back?
wat do?
seriously
where do i draw the line?

i guess for me personally, unprotected anal sex with men would be a good place
but there are so many other factors
so many other ways of dying
where do i draw the line with those?
or do i?

if i don't, i'll die
some insane stunt
who knows what
i won't see it coming
though i might predict it (lol wut)

predict it by weighing the odds
and then assuming they'll be in my favor

eventually, the odds catch up
that's what odds are

i mean sure you can be very careful and they won't
but then you have a line
and it's on the conservative side of insanity

if you never cross over

....i guess this is my point??...

if you never cross over, you'll never amount to being anyone or doing anything

i'm glad i'm over... but holy shit i'm a bit far
"far out bro"
>_>

far and yet still a basis in reality
at least i would say so
i have logic
i know i have logic because my shit compiles
that's all

i love coding

so as long as my shit compiles, i know i still have at least some logic left in me...
factually.

because programming IS logic.

i could even write an app as a sanity check for myself

shit compiles? i am sane (or maybe not dreaming... though not necessarily... as my previous dream taught me)