Dream where childhood peer Glenn and I were in a few classes together and he kept going through my backpack. I'd be walking around the classroom and come back to my seat, just by his, and I'd lift up my backpack and it'd be noticably lighter. I'd frantically open it up and discover shit missing. My 3-4 black notebooks and my 20 or so yellow sticky notes were the main things he'd take and I'd catch him looking at and take back. It happened a few times and bleh gave me a physical discomfort. He even took one of the yellow sticky notes and put it on the teacher's podium for her to see, but luckily I saw it and removed it from the podium just before she could see it. It said "filloon is the moon" or maybe "is like a moon" or idfk something like that. Filloon (12th grade science (err, like 9th-10th grade science I took senior year :-P)) was a nice mom-like teacher I got along with decently. The kind who has the ability to make you feel bad about ditching their class (and in fact, ditching school altogether was even thought up by me during the dream ("lol I don't need any of this, why am I here? I should just leave" -> (filloon was my next class, so I went?))). Since I took the sticky note away from the podium just before she was able to read it (she still saw me taking it), I figured she would then assume it was an offensive sticky note (and wondered if she'd confront me and force me to show it to her (this was another time where I contemplated just "walking away" [from school] -- fucking privacy violations etc fuck school). She didn't though, and when I got back to my desk I think my backpack was lighter than usual again and I had to reclaim my black notebooks from Glenn again. Or maybe the sequence of events is off here, but I do remember the backpack -> reclaim thing happening at least twice. Each time I felt like I might have been missing an article during the reclaim. He'd surrender the book he would be reading without a fight, with a half grin knowing what he's doing is wrong but what the fuck am I going to do about it. I was ready to put up a fight to reclaim the shit, but he didn't put one up. He even let me go through his own backpack (there were more of the black notebooks in there) without a fight, which was surprising (since I then violated his privacy). Didn't check his pockets n such and there was the possibility he handed some off to his friends etc. I don't remember much else but guh it's not hard to figure out what this dream is saying. I woke u with a bad taste (not literally) in my mouth...

... so glad I've moved onto a "keep data on persons 24/7/365" model ^_^ (but public is still the best solution (i could hack my "keep data on persons 24/7/365" model))