godfather 2: didn't get much from this movie directly, but had a weird dream the night after watching (just a few hours ago)

it was like my son / protagonist's son (i was al pacino) and my son went with a trusted friend on a shark hunting scuba dive

he was talking with my friend while holding the rifle aiming at the shark

we could only see their faces, the shark was behind the camera so to speak

they could still talk somehow with their scuba masks (even though they weren't full face. kinda reminded me of spy kids ... just watched that recently)

anyways, my friend took the gun from him to show him how to aim at the shark
swam below my son, who started to swim down towards him
he wasn't very far. JUST out of arm's reach
he was swimming with his feet
it looked unrealistic. he should have been going horizontal, not vertical

anyways, the friend that now had the gun looked up at my son, who was reaching for the gun (presumably to shoot sharks for fun?)

and my friend shot him right in the chest
right through the heart, it appeared
no blood, but a definite hole

the weirdest part was that it didn't phase my son at all
he just kept swimming downward
reaching for the gun

i knew after the first shot (or perhaps once the gun was turned on him) that his intentions for grabbing the gun had changed (self defense)

but his actions didn't change

he was still reaching out/down and swimming somewhat casually (if you've even been scuba diving, you know you kinda have to just wait/sink)

i couldn't see his face because of the mask
no facial expressions of either of the two

in fact, the 'friend' was nameless/faceless

my son was just a .. you know... brown haired perfectly innocent child
typical protagonist son shit


my friend delivered a few more shots in/around center of mass (heart)

3-4 tops

my son never changed his swimming method
just kept sinking and reaching for it


after the 3rd or 4th, he reached the friend.. but was clearly dead
he didn't struggle or squirm or anything

he just sort of... stopped kicking... and stopped extending his arms

just floated right up next to 'friend'

and that was it. i woke up