Dream outline: trampolines, black neighbor ride, not far down guadalupe toward "central" (except was east from here so wtf?), hospital next door for husband, went there for some reason, brought into room cia hannah eye test acid outside colorado

The dream started in what appeared to be shamel park in Riverside. There were really tall cylindrical bouncing pads that were solid. My brother(?) and I climbed on top of them and bounced much higher than everyone else, who was inside them (although solid so idfk makes no sense). Upon getting down my black next door neighbor happens to be driving by or leaving or something and offers me a ride home. I accept and meh makes no sense again because we go to her house for some reason (I was probably trying to have sex with her). Her house isn't as far as I expected (east from my gilbert house, yet "toward central" somehow) and next door is a hospital. They purposefully moved next door to a hospital to accomadate her husband's health, which was somehow declining. I went to the hospital for some reason and some staff member pulled me into a back room. There were maybe 5 or 6 people scattered around a large classroom-sized room, and also Hannah was now in the dream and walking around with me. They did some random eye test on me and the guy that did it (also the guy in charge) said something like "let's see how [blank] those are". He was referring to my eyes but I can't remember the word he used (just yesterday on MGS3 EVA delivered the message to snake that she'd (the boss'd) never seen such clear eyes). He shot some random laser crap into my eyes idfk. I just sat there open eyed with a straight face, staring into the laser. When done we (Hannah and I? and perhaps that guy in charge too) walked around the room a little bit but before we got too far at all I asked "is this going to take a lot of my time or am I at least going to get paid?". They came out with what they had brought me here for. Hannah talked to me about acid (LSD) and asked if I had bought any of a specific brand / locally (the identifier of the specific'ness of it is forgotten). I came to realize that the people in that room were members of the CIA and they were responsible for the entire LSD trade in that area... and that room was where they synthesized it. Hannah explained that in the most recent variant/batch/whatever, there was some kind of anamoly (sp?) and that users had been reporting a difference and that interested the CIA greatly. I guess they turned to Hannah, and Hannah turned to me. She asked if I had bought any LSD from around here lately and I told her I hadn't bought any acid since my move to Colorado (Riverside -> Gilbert -> Colorado... throughout the dream). When she told me about the anomoly as we both walked out the door "to the streets" where we could probably easily see the LSD dealers standing around, I said "interesting" in a very "yes I will help you with your problem" (because I assumed it meant I'd get to do LSD). I did worry about the difference, though. What if it fucked up my brain perma status? I also felt uneasy but also accepted that the CIA was responsible for LSD there (and it was assumed there were similar labs all throughout the country). It was their way of acknowledging that the drug has a good use, while also keeping it out of the hands of the masses (the stupid).