Dreams:
1) Kaylee letter mom -> "stay close" -> blue swirly stars in sky (close eyes, rolling around wildly unknowingly(?))
2) Video game skipping -> Farm house with Caydon aka Apollo Creed and me (his nameless friend/neighbor/relative) -> caesar takeover -> "i thought they said we would keep our land" -> almost mutiny (i become mutinist) -> apollo attack (peers don't warn him) and death


1) Dream blurry, wrote a letter to Kaylee and my mom saw it and gave me a look made to embarrass me and Kaylee's written response was "stay close". Her and my mom were behind a bar (alcohol) of some sort (on the serving side), even though it was outdoors. I don't remember what my letter said but it was your average cheesy shit. What the fuck does "stay close" mean, subconscious representation of Kaylee? Does it mean bitch out? If so, plz say "bitch out" (elephant). In the dream it didn't make any sense either, but I was still happy she at least responded to this one :-P. Before or after or both of that event, I was rolling around on the ground or maybe just perfectly still laying on the ground. When my eyes were closed, I imagined (and it may have been true) that I was rolling around frantically/wildly all over the damn place. When I opened my eyes, I'd be laying still on my back staring up at the night sky. It seemed weird the closed eyes part, and I felt as if I were 'in battle' and shit (swords/shields kind, not guns n shit) with my eyes closed. The eyes open part is more memorable: right where I was staring in the night sky were 3 giant blue stars. They were bigger than the sun and the moon (relatively -- they were assumed to be much closer and idfk what they ACTUALLY were [supposed to be]). Maybe like 3x the size of the moon or sun, and the "star"-ness of them was their SHAPE (the zig zag bullshit), not that they were billions of miles away etc. The 3 of them rotated around each other, I wanna say counter clockwise but maybe the other way and bleh doesn't matter. I am also unsure if the entire night sky was filled with sets of these 3 blue stars circling around one another... or if it was only wherever I was looking and I happened to look at various places in the sky. Exactly 50/50 on that.


2) Me and... Matt maybe... were playing some video game except it was IRL and shit and we found a shortcut to skip the hard shit and my excuse/justification for taking it was that I wanted to finish it first before going back to actually play the hard level[s?(i only recall skipping one)]. Much later but still part of the same dream Caydon/Apollo-Creed (who was known as a(the?) famous mythology/greek/roman, not the boxer from rocky, in the dream) and I were just outside of our farm house thingy that he and I and a few others lived in. We saw what I knew/assumed to be Caesar and his gang roll up on our farm house and park his legion across the street and idfk start talking to someone about fuck if I know. Caydon and I are talking and I forget what I said, maybe it was "hopefully they let us stay [alive?]" and his response was "i thought they said they would let us keep our land", angrily. Even though we were semi-roman, Caesar was still trying to shit on us... and Caydon was the stubborn old man type who wouldn't take none of it and would die fighting it. While we were standing there watching, one of his men ALMOST attempted mutiny, but bitched out and fell back in line. Right as he was taking his quick 2 steps backwards to get back in line and Caesar catching a glimpse of him doing so (Caesar facing mostly the other direction), I became said mutinist and my vision snapped/flew from who I was earlier into this man. Now I was standing on a hill and Ceasar was just 5-10 feet in front of me down the hill and walking toward me to confront me. Caydon comes charging from across the street and up the hill behind Caesar and stabs Caesar in the fucking leg. All of us soldiers could have warned Caesar, but we did not. Caesar turns around, pulls the sword out of his leg, and kills Caydon via I think decapitation. Dream ended right here and I put a lot of time after this thinking about bravery and cowardice.

Are the men who go to fight early on and die smart or stupid? Is it better to be a coward and craft sneak attacks (as the me who was originally talking to caydon was going to do)? I concluded actually while drifting around in dreamland/half-awoken that yes in fact it was better to be quiet and to "play like a pussy". Despite me thinking that and understanding it and hell pretty much fucking agreeing with it (pretty much?) and even writing it down this very moment, I haven't changed my plans from being loud/etc into being the sneaky motherfucker type. I just don't want to and that emotional compulsion is so far winning. I could override it on a whim, but I am not doing so. If I am quiet, I will never be able to have friends or communicate with my family... much like and probably even worse than... now.