Dreams:
1) video
2) fight


1) A video camera placed down the street (by a man of a certain unlikeable profession) from my house, that I even knew was there, had a better "angle" than I realized. Some time in between my seeing the day it is placed and the day I see the video (on the internet?). A cool video effect where the viewpoint zooms in front the camera itself and bounces off numerous other houses' window reflections and then goes through a tiny vertical gap (made by wall covering the rest) of window into my house and directly to me, sitting on our living room couch (I checked when I woke up and saw that there was indeed this same "vertical gap" from the far left seat of the couch, but it was only to our solid wooden door). It was a time laps of multiple weeks played in fast forward that lasted between 3 and 10 seconds. It was me while I was watching M.A.S.H, which I've been doing a lot out there lately. I would make weird faces to myself and talk to myself and toss and turn here and there. There was generally only one frame of each thing I did, since it was a time lapse (most likely "the worst" (or best depending who you are) looking frame, ya know?), and towards the end like the 2nd or 3rd from the last frame, was the most hilarious frame of them all. It was me beating off with a pretty fucking large dick. I mean seriously my dick isn't that big. This was like 9 inches and thicker than normal and bending upward instead of down and slightly to the left. My pelvis was thrusting (I was likely near orgasm) up into the air off of the couch and I had a FUCKING RIDICULOUS giant ass grin on my face and I appeared to be looking in the camera's direction (whether that was intentional or not is not known to me). The grin was what made it hilarious. Cartoony. So the seeing of the zoom-in and first few moments of the video being revealed to me was shocking and slightly disturbing... but after the video was over I thought it hilarious and would even have watched it again for lulz. I knew it wouldn't do anything to "embarrass" me, as intended (willpower). Later in the dream I was walking around in the neighborhood, for some reason at a house near there, and I decided to give my internet audience a "hello". Walked right in front of that same camera, no further than 20 feet away, and stared directly into it and smiled and waved as I continued walking home.


2) I challenged a person to a fight but we never actually fought. We drove in the back of a huge SUV thing and the driver took us further than we intended (the nearby park was intended) and parked the SUV on a trampoline. Somehow the SUV and huge trampoline were both the same dimensions (both circular), wtf? Me and the fightee jumped out the back and left, since we were tresspassing. I think there was a fence around the trampoline or something and the SUV couldn't "bounce" out and was stuck. The home owner came out and started bitching about it etc etc and it gets blurry from here. Later, I think in the same dream, I was asking some guy if he'd return something that was stolen from my grandparents. I think the guy I was asking was the same fightee, but idfk. I said we'd offer him a reward of a few hundred or whatever. He made some phone calls and I payed attention to the names he dropped and the things he said during the phone call (Analicia was prime suspect), but I felt hesitant to use those names (I'd be giving them to my cousin) as then I'd have broken my trust with the guy. It seemed after his phone calls he was able to locate the stolen artifact (funny: I just watched North by Northwest and the artifact resembled the thing with microfilm in it :-P) but then he was hesitant to return it to me/my-grandparents because he claimed that 90k was a lot higher than $250. Very blurry dream and I barely remembered it.