Dreams:
0) kid swap gma panties
1) Space, blowjob
2) Blue X (Stuffed animal, alien/intelligence)


0) This one's REALLY blurry and I didn't even remember it until I started writing (2), which I wrote first but yea. It might have even been part of (1) (which I also already wrote) in some weird way that I can't even remember. I'll start with what I do remember: two kids (i am one of them?) hook up through some magazine or some other kind of weird hook up with a stranger from far away type service (damn good idea actually ;-P, people love gimmicks). They had like 'swapped' places with each other except not (???). The grandma/mother (idk) of the girl barged into the girl's room and said something like "where did these two find each other", despite the room being empty (wtf?). I even later saw the grandma's perspective before she barged in: she wanted to catch them having sex and had some weird sexual delusion/fantasy that she'd join or something. She was wearing pink silk underwear with  a white button up shirt that barely went to her thighs. She was talking on the phone at some point (maybe that's when she said the line) and was still in her [grand]daughter's room and was on the floor humping something on the ground (still fantacizing ofc). On the flip side of things, where the boy was, was maybe where all of (1) took place (but which girl was she? the one next to me or the one in the front seat? maybe when the girl 'went away' was when she made that phone call? who knows...). Or maybe where the boy lived was entirely different from (1) and I have just forgotten it altogether.


1) Beginning is kinda blurry and I don't think I took any drugs (but could have fooled me ;-P): I'm sitting in the back-right seat of a jeep with no top with 3 others and we're driving around the town (idk where, mainly because I am looking up most of the time, but it's like a rural-ish hilly-ish (not too much of either) area) and I'm staring up into the sky. The night sky full of stars begins to move and it's as if I'm moving forward through space (despite knowing I am sitting in a jeep (knowing it's a hallucination/etc (dream, close)) and stars are passing me by on all sides. It resembled light/warp speed in movies, except not nearly as fast: much more relaxed speed :). At some point I make the statement/thought "blah blah blah space and time". Maybe it was "i have control of", but that sounds too... dominating. Maybe it was "I can do anything in", idk... it was something along those lines but more... err... humblererer: I was only saying what is true. Maybe even it was relating to "I can travel through", or maybe I ripped off Dune when he drank the water of life, whatever that line was. This scene of me hallucinating through space and time in the back seat of a jeep went on for a REALLY long time and was so enjoyable it even brought tears to my eyes, which I just let out. I even started singing something, which I think was Royksopp but can't remember exactly, and although I felt embarrassed that the girl to my left might laugh at me, I sang anyways because I just didn't care (or I tried not to ;-P) -- and maybe she'd join singing or something as well. A really long time and very vivid. There were less stars than in my other night sky dreams... but maybe it only appeared that way becuase I was going THROUGH them in this one and on the other ones I was planted firmly on earth. After a while I think I asked one of the other's in the jeep if I was being safe or fuck I don't remember what I/they said but eventually I looked down and holy shit I am 30 feet in the air on some black fold out bar thing coming out of the back of the jeep. It's holding me like a mother holding a child and I even describe it like that the others later when we are parked. I'm glad to have snapped out of it and to have verified that I was being safe (this is what I meant in the last sentence of (2)). I slid down the poles like a monkey and folded the bars back into the jeep. We park a little bit later and I think the girl to my left went off to go do something idk (probably bathroom break, who knows). The two in the front seat are a couple and I was telling them about the experience I just had (I was also describing it to them as it was happening, but idk if they heard me etc) and also about how I was surprised when I looked down and I was so high up. After I'm done explaining it to them and we're just standing there for a little, the girl gets on her knees and starts sucking his dick (they being close/kissy just before that). I didn't mind that they would do that in front of me, but I thought it would be rude if I were to stare or ask to join (I should try to get my own girl, I thought to myself) so I turned around and stared back into the night sky... and I believe started doing the flying forward thing again :), but maybe not (if not, they were still moving a bit and obviously looking awesome).


2) False awakening from (1) I believe was the start of this dream, I was in my actual room laying on my bed and my lifesize blue stuffed animal was where it/he should be (in between my door and chair, right next to chair), and it/he was in his typical pose at first, where he was sort of hunched forward with an arched bach and his arms were held out in front of him at the same level of his head (his arms still curled at a little more than 90 degrees). He started hopping around and bouncing, as was his traditional function (being an animatronic stuff animal and all). The way he bounced/danced was cool. It looked dumb but who does that remind you/me of ;-)? He just like hopped up and down and did like big left and right swings with his arms (each hop was a different arm). So far, normal. He started to do things that a simply-programmed animatronic wouldn't do. He slowly started to do things that in turn told me that he was intelligent. Essentially, he started slowly dancing WITH the music that was playing [from my computer I think]. It was just a little bit in rythm at first, but then was totally obvious. I get out of bed hurriedly/excitedly and say something along the lines of "you're intelligent" or perhaps jumped straight to "is there a brain in there?" (the second question definitely happened at some point). I think I said something first or maybe I was just like watching and feeling him first. I touch his arms and body and right as I make my way to his brain, which I expected to be plush, is when I say the thing about the brain and I feel like a hard.. err.. item... in there, obviously his brain. It does a mechanical rotate/push-on-the-skin sort of as if it were greeting my feeling hands (or maybe just typical operation I am feeling, idfk). Right as I say the bit about intelligence/brain, he turns his attention to me and starts feeling ME in the same way that I'm feeling him (except he does all the same motions much faster, getting to my brain/head in about half (mb less, mb more) the time it took me). This freaks me out. I can't recall a time where a dream created ANOTHER intelligent life form within the dream (especially one where I thought I was awake (so fun in retrospect though)). Most other people in my dreams (above ones as well) are just kind of like robots or just act natural and/or don't respond to me whenever I point something out (such as "jeff, this is a dream"). THIS TIME he/it looked right back into (at?) me and mimicked me (perhaps the danzin was mimickery too)! I wasn't expecting it and it caught me off-guard (and remember, everything about his presence in my room seemed normal until he showed intelligence): I close my eyes and analyze my way out of it by saying in the dream (or maybe just thinking (but maybe I even said it 'IRL')) the word 'dream'. I woke up with my eyes still closed, mildly relieved to be right but also disappointed in myself for not fucking going with it. I WOULD HAVE SO LOVED TO HAVE DANCED WITH HIM AND STARED BACK AT HIM FOR LONGER AND (???), ETC -- for longer. Moments later I thought, sort of as a message to him/my-subconscience "don't come at me like that getting all in my face", but right after those thoughts were processed I realized how hypocritical they are and lol'd at myself, now thinking "well that's an entirely new set of problems" xD. One more thing: Since the 'dream' and what I awoke to after saying 'dream' were 100% identical aside from the blue guy, and since I had my eyes closed, I have no way of knowing that he didn't in fact just disappear/hide because he took it as a sign that I am not ready :(. I am saying that it _MAY_ have been an alien encounter, but the simplest solution is that it was a dream. Him disappearing is possible, but my getting back into bed and being laying down again is stretching it a bit (can they move us without us knowing?). Regardless of which it was, I would like to experience it again and this time I won't go doing things and then be afraid of them being mirrored back towards me. If only I would have kept my eyes open when I said 'dream', I could have snapped into lucidity and it would have been the best dream I've ever had (is still waaaaaay up there, but idk daphodils was fucking nuts [too] (in a good way ofc)). I also think my fear of death and response to being in a dangerous situation in (1, which I've yet to write) is what kind of helped me 'unlock' this dream/experience.