Was in/around hollywood driving around with a friend. There was a house on a big open field with a road leading up to it. Out drove either Bill Murray or Johnny Depp... and whichever he was, he became the other at some point [not to long] later on. My friend and I watched this from down the road a ways, and after that we drove around a bit to go "out on the town" (myth), or at least to see what our options were. Basically just bars/restaurants, and possibly clubs but I don't remember that in the dream. Going to different ones would let you maybe see different celebrities. My friend and I were "meh" about it so we decided to just go to some diner on the outskirts of town (it reminded me of the one in fear and loathing). Inside sitting in there, even though it was actually outside (as well?), I saw his/my face looking a little like the dodo bird from alice in wonderland (long'ish face, except still human). Up until the point in the dream it was actually NOT me (but maybe it was around the murray house idfk), but when analyzing the dream afterwards I would say it is. Anyways, at the diner outdoor shits, I was looking at a yellow flower and the pedals were still closed. It was almost ready to bloom, and I just sort of stared at it inquisitively, but mostly blank faced (had:fascinated). The flower was "long" more than round, just like my long face, and as I stared at it, about half a foot away from it, my face slowly became/transformed-into (blurrily I suppose, hard to describe/remember) the flower (my old body/face just vanished I guess). I became a bullet point, geographic location, thing to do when "out on the town". I don't remember exactly what that entailed, but it became god knowledge that I sort of "transformed" the area and made it more popularer. The diner was already a bullet point, I just raised it's status thingo.

It isn't hard to figure out what this dream is saying... but I find it strange that I have no clue at all who my/the friend was. Was just god knowledge that he was there.