Just remembered this dream from last night, while taking a shit just now. I woke up and knew I had a dream, but until I took a shit I couldn't remember it. It was on a university campus and there was peer pressure type shit going on. Also a girl and a diving board and her sister. Eh on the campus was a weird incident where I was chased down a small hill on my R1. Pushed the R1 with right foot on left peg (left foot pushing) while some guy chased me. He was "sent" from the group of peer pressure noobs I guess? He was just close enough behind me that I didn't have enough time to jump on the R1 proper to turn it on and ride away. I somehow could push the bike as fast as he/we ran (unrealistic). After crossing a big grass field, I eventually did try to hop on it and turn it on, but he caught up to me and stopped me. He simply asked me if a Honda bike was good, and I said yes. He thought I was bullshitting him but I assured him it was. He asked how it compared to the R1 and I said it depends which one.

The bit about the diving board is pretty blurry and I was half awake (I remember while definitely being awake trying to think what 5 dives I'd do if I ever got back into competing - 1.5 with full and back 1.5 are all I could come up with. I suck). Some pretty brunette and I diving and idfk what else. Her blonde sister came into the picture at some point and the way I said "hi" to her made the brunette uncomfortable and she swam off. I wondered which of the two I should go for. The blonde may very well be the love of my life, but the brunette and I had already sort of started the informal dating process. Later and I think this was actually awake, I thought about how funny it would be to pretend like I'd never been off a 3 meter before: act scared to do a pencil dive etc. Then on the second jump, say "that wasn't as scary as I thought" and then bust my 1.5 with full twist. While doing the trick itself I say to them "ya got trolled, son". Both the brunette and blonde watching.


Also re-touching a previous dream: the girl with the thick glasses: they were frameless (or thin-framed) and oval shaped