0) Her
1) $17 weed, truck, tree


0) Was floating in outer space or a black void if you will, laying there no nothing next to her, staring into her face and talkign to her. She says something to indicate that she's married (I think something about having 2 new kids, since her current bf (and hubby in the dream) has 2 kids already), I ask her and she says she's married. I tell her I didn't know she was married. I get to the bottom of it and figure out that my family and I weren't invited to the wedding. I am the main member of this family, I set the tone and the mood for us all; I determine the life of a party... and I usually ruin them. I'm doing a shit job at setting an example (but I'm well aware of why: I CAN'T SPEAK). Anyways back to the dream. I don't confront her or anything on why we weren't invited, it just makes sense. I tell her "he's a good guy", she doesn't respond. I tell her how happy I am to just be laying there talking to her, she doesn't respond. There was a part of the dream right around here where I guess I woke up and was staring at my pillow in the dark, and it resembled her face... but less so the more and more I woke up. I tried hard to stay relaxed and let my shadowed pillow continue to resemble her face. The dream was comforting, as they usually are.


1) I'm buying some weed from some guy and he sends his girl to do the delivery. We meet in Frys parking lot, and I get in her SUV/Jeep car to do the exchange. I think I'm getting an eighth, but idk can't remember and/or wasn't specified. I ask how much and she says $17. I'm surprised it's so cheap, perhaps because they think of me as a friend. I say something about how cheap it is, and she invites me to go somewhere, I think saying "want to come see why it's so cheap?", or maybe "want to see the other half?" (I can't remember which, and neither of these make very much sense. maybe she said something else). I go with her but then she is out of the dream and I'm in the back of a pickup truck that a handful of other guys are also in. We're going extremely fast on the freeway, it's kinda scary. To add to it, the physics engine was broken and as we went around curves, the truck would turn much more sideways than a legit physics engine would allow. The turns were long. Seemed like just one giant turn to the right (at first). We were going nearly perfectly sideways at one point, I thought it seemed extremely unrealistic. I figured the rubber tires would have caught grip by now and the truck would have rolled/flipped. I planned to jump out of the truckbed right when that happened, to hopefully increase my chances of surviving (but man I'd get one hell of a road rash). I figured the driver was high/drunk and having the time of his life. I understood how fun it might be. I eventually said something to someone who knew the driver. The driver corrected his steering and now we were going straight. Until the next turn to the left, and then we did the same thing but now to the left xD. We eventually arive in LA and go through the town center or something. We drive along through it and a ways away until we get to my brother's house/apt/thing (it was all outdoors). My brother asks me if I noticed anything at the town center place we drove through (I think he was in the truck too, but idfk), I try to think but really I wasn't paying much attention. My guess is that there was a giant christmas tree beinge erected there, since i can somewhat recollect that. He says something along the lines of "you seriously don't notice anything different?" and points around to the hills surrounding us. It was like LA was the shape of a giant baseball field: the infield was where all the buildings were, and now up a small hill to get to the outfield were tons and tons of normal sized christmas trees. My brother lived at the infield/outfield edge (but obviously on the infield). My brother was then selected by some government program to have a christmas tree planted in his house (which, again, was just like an outdoor fire pit (not for fire, but like a tiny mound they were about to plant that tree in)). I guess he just lucked it. A few government employees came in to plant the tree. One was a black girl who seemed to be digging into the mound to make the hole in the middle (it was like an extremely tiny volcono -- there was already a hole in the middle ya know?) deeper. She seemed like she was making it deeper, that's the motion she made, but as I kept watching her it became clear she was actually adding dirt, not removing it. Someone planted a root/seed (seemed stringy) into a brown bag full of dirt and lay it there in the middle. The girl with the shovel kept moving her shovel back and forth, each time dropping a little bit of dirt off of the shovel and onto/around the brown bag. She never scooped up dirt, it just seemed to keep falling from her shovel. She stopped when all 4 sides of the brown bag were covered (but the top was not). The planting of the tree in my brother's house was a sort of demonstration for others for how to do it. I found it funny that all these LA citizens wouldn't be able to plant a freaking tree. I also found it stupid that when there were people still starving to death, the government thought it important to go around planting christmas trees for people.