Dreams:
Someone else and I, maybe my brother, were on the tramp at our cali house and there was a weird part that even made me become aware/lucid momentarily because of how interesting it was. I pointed with one finger and one eye closed and saw... I can't remember what or maybe I have this backwards. Maybe it was a helicopter. Whatever: the opposite (either now 2 eyes or in fact 1), I definitely saw a butterfly fluttering right in front of me. The object in the distance became one object right in front of me (one was an illusion from the other). Oh right I guess there were 2 helicopters then. When I did 1 eye open only, the two objects joined and became a butterfly? idfk fucking blurry but was pretty cool and I knew I was dreaming.


Me and a bunch of military-esq people were infiltrating some base in a jungle on a hill and we helped each other repel down some rope and if the enemy spotted you, you became the enemy so maybe it was just a practice thing idfk (but honestly it seemed real aside from that). At some point the enemies in said round building (not very big) came out and started chasing us, and we all decided that scattering would be our best bet to evasion. So we did and one guy chased me but I ran onto a tree top and became a fucking monkey or some shit and did some crazy huge leap across a valley (I remember looking down and thinking it would hurt if I landed on THOSE bushes way down below, then being pleased to see I was going to land on/in a tree on the opposite side of the valley, at about my same height). When I landed on/in that tree I turned around at my pursuer and yelled at him in a monkey voice (shit was fun tbh :-P). Just ya know like growls n shaking my fists in the air and shit. I was that monkey (mind you, a human sized monkey (was harrier than a normal human, but balder than a regular monkey)) and I was damn proud of that leap I had just performed. I was turning around to also taunt the pursuer; to see if he'd try it. He peaked over the edge and opted to decline.