had another dream last night where i was kicked out of kaylee's house by her and her family and not welcome back in. somehow i was also not welcome back in my own home. i remember just feeling broken down. i had pushed too hard and got the final rejection sort of thing. idfk. was weird but i remember like going in the street and falling into some mud and leaves and then just laying there comatose for a while feeling like absolute shit until i saw a car/truck/deisel driving up at which point i picked myself up (i guess so they wouldn't think i was dead?) and brushed the leaves off of my sweatshirt. i felt like a homeless person. i remember thinking, or trying to think, about where i was going to sleep that night... and going through my list of friends in my head.... but i don't think i landed on any name in particular. i remember thinking i would go live in the desert/wilderness (which i remember being small hills and bushy area) alone and that i would resort to being evil. it's weird that i put so much stake on being good/evil correlating to my relationship with kaylee. it's stupid that i do it. right now she is nice to me at family events etc but still won't hang out with me for an extended period of time. i sometimes think that if she ceased talking to me that i'd go 'off the grid' and be evil.. for the sake of being evil. for fun i guess.


it's stupid and i should try to override that. fuck kaylee. you should be good for yourself and to rid yourself of paranoia. the temptation of evil is growing lately just because i want to throw this deck of cards into the air and say "fuck it". i guess what will tell you whether or not i chose to be good or evil is whether or not this writing has an author attached to it. if it anonymous, then, well you probably already know. but yea i hope i keep the strength/courage to be a good person. paranoia is reason enough... being revived from being frozen is yet another reason (although it's merely theoretical, whereas paranoia is very real and affects me NOW)