0) Pinch
1) Behind cali house


0) Eh this dream was night before last, it's just stupid. My dad pinched my arm and I threatened to call the cops if he did it again. He did it again just to call my bluff, and I then pretended to call the cops (555). I think the pissed him off more but idk. I couldn't bring myself to follow through with it. Is a pinch on the arm really assault and worth jailtime (under certain circumstances, yes. but under those circumstances? idk. Obviously I know legally it is assault)?


1) Went down behind cali house into the ravine area. There was a deep crevice of a ravine part that I usually go down (lots of green trees), but this time and for the first time I went left of that steeper/green part and walked alongside a hill that poured into the part I normally go down. That sideways hill leveled out some and I think there was a chainlink fence right about there. I got to the other side somehow and was now walking on more of a path. There were piles of junk/trash here and there, maybe one 5-10 ft wide pile of junk for every 30-50 ft along that path. I kept walking along the path until eventually I was underneath a freeway. Right about at the same time, (and kinda 'under' the freeway), the path split into two directions. One way, to the right, went under the freeway further and became a dark and long tunnel. The other way was a spiraling staircase that brought you up to the same level as (and I think actually above) the freeway. I'm not sure which way I decided to go, but I think I chose the tunnel. At the very least, I was going to pop my head up the staircase way for a second to get a birds eye view of my surroundings (perhaps I hadn't decided which direction yet and my going up the stairs was research). I went up the stairs and saw a street called Mill/Miller (not sure which). I felt like all of the sudden I was in Arizona, so maybe it was Mill. I followed a sidewalk just a few steps further and realized I knew where I was: Canyon Crest country club sort of popped up behind me out of knowhere. I've always known that it was "close" to our house, but I still to this day have no idea where it is or how to get there (of course I could look it up). I've been there very few times in my life, and it was always regarded as the more ghetto of the two country clubs in riverside. I'm not a snob/elitest like my parents, so I just thought it was cool to find out that _a_ country club was within walking distance of my house! I hoped they had a pool with a [high-]diving board.