0) Opium (meth?), jacuzzi
1) Lexi poop
2) Freestone stars


0) In a building that was kinda like a country club, resort, or day spa. We did opium. I explained to someone (perhaps a few people) how opium was painful to me. It was painful because it felt so fucking good when I peaked. The comedown was painful by comparison. It seemed as though I'd even recreate the peak mentally as I told them the story. Note: I have never done opium (but I do want to try heroin before I croke). Honestly, it seemed more like 5meo than a painkiller. It was a headrush and the comedown was DEPRESSING AS FUCK more than painful (still, there was an element of pain involved). Near closing time my friend went to the bottom of a jaccuzi and went under a weird thing barely big enough for a person to go under. Some suction down there trapped him. I left the room he was in, wandered through some halls, then came back in ~57 seconds later... because I figured since he wasn't caught up by now that he was probably drowning. I was right and by the time I got in there, some employees had helped him instead (it was sheer luck that they even found him, considering you couldn't see him). A janitor cleaning the jacuzzis or something happened to find him. There was more to this dream involving cars and outdoors, but idfk.


1) Was laying on a couch in our grand piano room (there used to be a couch there) and I think some people were sitting on me, or perhaps there were just pillows covering my view. My dad asked me if I'd do him a favor, I told him it depends what. He asked me to clean up Lexi's poop, I told him no because it wasn't my dog. I felt like if I gave in, he'd ask more favors. The subject of Lexi's poop is probably in the dream because my mom keeps threatening to kill Lexi if she doesn't stop pooping in that room.


2) Was sitting in Freestone park leaning back with my hands in the grass behind me, supporting me... looking up at the night sky. Saw a shooting star that seemed feint (faint?)... just a small one ya know? All the stars began to twinkle like mad (and of course, there seemed to be lots more than I can usually see (millions/billions)). Just like all the other similar dreams, words cannot describe. I just sat there in awe and soaked it in. I put my arms out in front of my face mostly extended and curving upward. Sort of like christfags do in church (but they do it off to one side). Idk I was just like soaking in the whole universe and it was amazing. I felt like I was being watched (others in the park), but it didn't bother me. I did keep silent because of that feeling of being watched, however :(. I thought it was real life (sort of was imo) -- I thought I was awake. I did wonder why I was there at night time etc, but it all seemed plausible so whatever. I woke up and was a tiny bit (not much) sad that it was just a dream... but still it was so fucking enjoyable so I didn't mind. I wouldn't call it lucid by any means, but I was 100% certain that it was REAL. As in, it was either a dream or real-and-awake. It was real: my mind created it.