Dream: gunman

There was a gunman on the loose on what I can only describe as being the ASU campus. One man had thousands in the area freaking out and panicked. I remember a scene where I was in a room or a dorm or even the bathroom of that room/dorm, and the gunman came in the front area (the regular non bathroom area) and started shooting people. I and the others in the bathroom (we were just chillen I guess) scrambled and freaked and all scrammed out the bathroom window, which was 1x1ft or maybe 2x2ft max. From there we were on the roof (it was a 2nd story dorm) and I crawled "around" a dome like (except 4 triangles, not round) thing to be out of sight from the window. While up there I ran into a police man or politician or priest. I think it was a politician/priest but I can't remember. He had exchanged gunfire with the bad guy (or just as I am writing this now: HE MIGHT HAVE BEEN THE GUNMAN LOLOLOL) and had only one bullet left in his tiny easily concealable handgun (no models come to mind, but much smaller than a G27). He said something like "there's only one thing left to do" (because he considered himself failed) and he blew his fucking brains out right in front of me on that roof. I took his gun and went down from there after some time. I was wandering around in a crowded area of the campus. The people stuck together out of fear. Hundreds/thousands were around me and we could have easily "taken" the gunman. He was off in some deserted part of the campus though. It was nighttime (sorry random). I wanted to buy some bullets for the gun I had, but there were no bullet stores nearby or there wasn't enough time. Without bullets I still gained confidence in wanting to go after the gunman. The confidence was gained because of the security I felt being amongst the crowd. I stormed/walked-fast into the deserted area of the campus and all the while there was this clinking sound with every step I took. I didn't like that it would give away my position so I eventually investigated and found a used shotgun shell somehow inside the small handgun's chamber. I was confused on how it got there, since it definitely was not the right size. I removed the shell and discarded it and the clinking went away. Fear caught back up to me, especially knowing I had no bullets, and I decided I wanted to retreat back into the comfort of the crowd (at the very least, meat shields :-P). I started running as fast as I could back the direction I came from. I wondered if the gunman had seen me and was even in the vicinity or if it was just fear the was driving me (coulda been both). As I'm running back I see another person running toward the direction I'm running toward: I'll paths will collide in about 200ft or so, maybe more. I think he's the gunman running to cut me off and kill me so I dive behind a SUV that's nearby and lay and pretend to be dead (both hiding + pretending to be dead). I wondered if he saw me and my final moment was approaching. He could have easily walked up behind me and put one in the back of my head. I just lay there on my stomach with my head tucked under/near the tire of the vehicle motionless. I think the other guy (had:gun) runs toward the crowd and isn't the gunman (running from him (or fear), I suppose). I get a sort of calm while laying there... or maybe fear paralyzes me. Everything becomes so quiet and I calculate my chances of survival if I was to just lay there for the duration. "Would the gunman know that the body laying there was not gunned down by him?" (yes). I am laying there for so long that I convince myself that he's within line of sight and that if I were to stand up, he'd notice/pursue/kill me. So I stay laying there for a while and there's a big blurry gap in between this and the stuff coming later.

While in the crowd the first time, a kid sees me carrying the small gun and says something like "He's got a gun", which surprises no-one (lots are carrying). He still seemed weirded out by it and says again "not very smart to carry a gun in a crowd".

So later, perhaps the next day... the gunman is maybe caught but actually I think not. The dream doesn't make sense. There are police posted outside of the gunman's apartment, which would mean they identified/captured him (though not necessarily, it seemed implied). But then they confuse me for being him, which says they didn't have him. IDK.

I stumble upon the address of the gunman through a friend of a friend by sheer chance. The friend of friend happened to see the gunman going in there and made note. Right now it was in the "under wraps" stages and they (the police) didn't want the address to be public. For one reason or another, I break into the apartment of the gunman and start stuffing my pockets. I remember getting a pocket knife and some flash memory cards.. and some other trinkets that will remain unnamed because I can't remember. It was mostly just for fun.. I just wanted some suveigneers (sp?) and I even planned on sending the police a copy of anything I found on the memory cards (anonymously of course). It was a 1 bedroom apartment and the living room area seemed brighter and is where I found the pocket knife. His room was pretty dark and is where I found the memory cards. After leaving his room, I realized that I didn't wear gloves and futily wiped down some fingerprints on the door handle. I knew it was too late for that because my paws were on lots of things, so I just decided to leave. Right as I opened the sliding glass door to leave out back, a police officer bust through the front door and told me to freeze. I freaked/panicked/froze and of course complied (easiest way to murder someone is to pose as the police) and got on my stomach. I was arrested by 2 cops, a man and a woman. I level'd with them and told them it was just for fun. They seemed to understand but arrested me anyways. I'm not sure what part they confused me with the gunman at, but I do remember it happening. I asked the lady officer what I was being charged with in a polite voice, and she said something like: "obstructing justice by tresspassing onto a crime scene"... and I said ok (or maybe thanks). Later we got to the jail and she started to think that I wasn't such a bad person. Maybe she could sense it or perhaps it was all the polite-ness (or both), and she told me to write a recommendation for something. <Her Name> recommends a (warning or some other name for a warning I forget.. I think it started with an R.. but it doesn't matter because I never got this far). Every time I would write "<Her Name> recommends" I'd either have to ask her again what I am writing, or the yellow paper would get soggy/wet/blurry and the pencil writing would be unreadable. She gave me another yellow notecard to try again and the first few words were fine but after that the paper just became "wet" and unwriteable-onable. I don't think it was raining.

Earlier before we got out of the cop car at the jail, I was sitting in back and still had the collectables on my persons. I knew they'd take them from me in jail and I contemplated taking one of the memory cards out of my pocket and putting it up me bum during the frisk/search jail period. I could easily get it out and conceal it (so it wouldn't dissolve up thar) in some pocket or something later on. I didn't know what was even on the cards, but wanted to keep one just for curiosity (again, would send a copy). I never did put one up me bum but I did "feel around" my pockets and see how much arm movement I could perform. I felt bad that the thought to continue to disrupt justice even crossed my mind when the lady copy wanted to write that recommendation for me (or rather, have me write it ;-P).