Had a dream where I was in some "claw" arcade machine and I was standing on top of the claw and when it descended indicating the game was over, I hung onto some like rafter shit coming from the roof and yea just fucking chilled up there and shit. I felt as though I got bonus points for doing it or something, hard to explain. But yea I ended up reaching or swinging over to a corner of the roof a tiny bit later and reaching onto a shelf in the corner and getting a secret prize or some such. It was pretty fucking cool what I got: it was like a pipe or a bubbler (not sure which, but if bubbler it didn't have water in it). Also slightly resembled a toilet, which reminds me of a basic bubbler design. So anyways to the right of the bowl was a handle that you could crank in circles n shit. You crank it and it lit up your bowl! There was nothing in the bowl though, I had to fill it with stuffs, but it was like a pipe/bubbler and lighter combined! Fucking pro and I kinda want to make one now. There was a bit of friction (but not too much) in the turning of the handle to make the sparks.


Different [part of?] dream where I was in costco with some lady who I can't remember the name/face of and we were samplin samples and some employee was all like "who are you with" to me because yea I look like a bum thief etc :-D, I pointed to the lady I was with who was a member of the store yea so wasn't breaking any rules ya know. My imagination took me towards wondering if card holders are allowed to just wander the store sampling or if they have to buy shit. And if they have to buy shit, why not just walk around with a semi-full cart sampling shit and then when you're done, bail on the cart and leave the store rofl. Fuck it. Anyways, the lady I was with somehow ended up being (or becoming?) a store employee also, or her shift came on idfk this part is blurry. So now I was in there and needed to leave obviously. Random side note: i feel like there were 2 people I was with but eh the other one is barely memorable. So yea I leave and it turns out I was taking a break from sitting through Mark Williams' funeral... idk just didn't want to sit through it or whatever, and by the time I came back out of costco everybody was sitting out on the grass in front of the church or whatever. I had bought a big case of water and it felt like I was dragging cement along the ground. Never felt water heavier in my life. Took me forever to drag the like maybe 5-10 gallons of water over towards the group on the grass, and even though it was just water they all pretended to be appreciative of it and pretended like it was an abundant amount even though it clearly wasn't. No idea how I checked out of costco buying that case of water without a membership card, that part of the dream is missing.