Had a dream where I was in some competition back in high school and it was like a kick ball game or something and I won and my reward was that I got to write an article in the school newspaper about god/creation. My first reaction was: "lol I'm atheist" (or "lol I'm agnostic" or something, you know?). I think I was deciding on what I would write; essentially a pursuasive essay and HOLD THAT THOUGHT NEED TO WRITE SOME OTHER STUFF ON THE SAME SUBJECT I KEEP FORGETTING TO WRITE:

Stupidity, not malice, is the real evil (not to say malice isn't also). The church-going, hard working, loving to his wife and children, friendly to his peers, "good" person..... will bring about (sooner, since it will come no matter what) the end of the world through resource consumption. It is especially true in our current state: Capitalism and greed are considered "good". But to that I say: Capitalism will not steer clear of resource consumption until it is profitable to do so (it will probably be, at some point)... but by then it will probably be too late. And another thing is that most attempts at steering clear of it by calling shit "green" is just a fucking marketting tactic. Preserving the planet is not about choosing "left vs. right" (non-green vs. green (the bullshit marketting "green" that a lot of companies these days use, of course (real "green" is of course sufficient lol))). It is about stopping dead in your tracks. We present choice to the average lazy fucking american and even give them positive reinforcement that they're doing something good... but it's all a lie (had:life). We're a species of convenient and it's convenient to not give a shit and to continue with the current course (free market capitalism) because it appears to work. Hell, it even does work to some extent. It provides an incentive for innovation. That is certainly not to say it is the only way to provide incentive to innovation as the fucking zionic media (who profit (and therefore become powerful) through it by being smarter than your average idiot (so will I -- I will only admit my hypocracy and be willing to give it up should the law progress to that stage (not getting my hopes up, but shit who knows))) would have you believe. They paint free market capitalism as manifest destiny: YOUR GOD GIVEN RIGHT. I wish I were exaggerating that point. The bad news is we're fucked but the good news is we're fucked either way. It's times like right now that I say fuck it and just exploit the stupid ass system because trying to change it is way the fuck too fucking difficult. Stupidity thrives. I guess I'll do both and suck my own dick while I'm at it (that's my analogy for being against capitalism and hypocritcally using it).

Ok back to the dream. Yea I got real fucking elaborate on my explaination of the emergence of life and a consciousness through sensory bombardment: "a mesh of atoms that changed chaotically through the food you were eating and the senses that you slowly emerged the ability to sense... eventually became your brain". Our emotion module is in between our math module and our logic/forelobe/consciousness module... that's why we can't do math as fast as our computers (actually this last sentence was thought up while awake and many many times in the past). But seriously I remember just re-describing life as _I_ know it to religious folk and trying not to come off as hostile because then they'd stop reading.... and I remember being so impressed with my own thought up description that I wished I wasn't dreaming (became aware of that momentarily (hmm shit even during that dream MIGHT have been when I came up with the computer monitor off and notepad closed analogy I just made last doc... wtf)) and was writing it down hahaha. This explaination here does not do it justice.

The ball game was also two games and/or morphed between them. As in, I don't know which was which. I definitely remember the ball game but I also remember a fucking blue whale squirt gun (one handed) that had it's BACK open up and....... idfk some kind of game inside. Perhaps the ball game (like soccer or something but not) was inside the whale's back? IDFK. Anyways, later on and after a lot of the other shit, the front opened up like a fucking flip-up thing-o (just like the back, which was now closed). I was like "lol wut the front opens too?". Weird dream imo.


My consciousness is trying to bury this and not write it: Had another dream where my aunt Teresa said something along the lines of "I know you took advantage of your mom in that state". She was referring to my mom and I having sex around the same time that my grandpa was dead/dying. I seriously questioned and dug through my head to see if what was just said was even real. It certainly seemed real for a while before/even-while-waking-up-some waking up. It was only after thinking about it lots and pretty much waking myself up thinking that I finally concluded it was not true. EITHER THAT OR MY BRAIN MANAGED TO [KEEP IT?] BURY[IED IT]. It's pretty obvious why I'm hesitant to write it, but to be honest I'm getting disappointed with myself having limits and censorship lately. The freedom I had back when I was never going to publish is long gone. I guess sacrifices have to be made really. It's a trade for lack of paranoia etc. I also remember feeling disgusted with myself that I did such a thing. I figured my mom had blocked it out of her head too but I mean I still felt like "WHAT THE FUCK MAN WHAT THE FUCK" and honestly during those few moments that I thought it was real was the closest I have ever felt to wanting to kill myself. I said something along the lines of "some things you just can't live with". I am comforted in knowing that my mom was not even in the same state as me during the time the alleged sex even happened. My subconscious is just fucking with me as usual. KEEP BRINGING IT MAN I FUCKING LOVE IT. SURE I AM EMBARRASSED WHILE WRITING THIS (HI MOM) BUT I UTTERLY REFUSE TO ALLOW MY SHAME TO CONTROL ME!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WILL ONLY ALLOW LAW TO CONTROL ME (and semi-OT: i will try to lawfully modify the law :-P). WEIRD AND SHAMEFUL ACTS ARE PERFECTLY LEGITIMATE. But lol it's not like incest is illegal (or is it I have no idea lol dumbass politicians) so idfk wtf. That being said it's just a dream so I can live with writing it. I guess what I took from it is that I should be careful to not do things that I can't live with myself with after doing. I also did some thinking as to why, when my grandpa was dead/dying, I wanted to fuck pretty much every girl I saw (not my immediate family though)... which was not imagined/dreamed. I mean sure I'm a pretty isolated fucker so the explaination might not be too complex... but it did still feel stronger than normal heh. My random ass fucking theory is that we are programmed to respond to death by having sex because it is a healthy response to want to replace that which is dead/dying. Another accidental emergence of a trait passed on (there are many).