I had a dream last night where Kaylee and I were in bed (not naked, like pajamas or something) and we had our first kiss. I sort of kind of fucked it up.... like went in for it in a rushed manner and it was a split second kiss. I was on top of her with my arms holding my torso up. After that we just like held eye contact for a while and I can't remember if any words were exchanged (perhaps) and then we kissed a bit more. The second kiss was our real first kiss. We just lay next to each other and stared into each others eyes for some amount of time less than a minute and then my mom came in the room and I rolled off of Kaylee and pretended to be doing something else. I am pretty sure my mom saw it anyways but she made no comment about it. She asked me to do some trivial task for her and I did and I remember that right as I came back in sight of Kaylee (she was still laying on the bed), I turned around a corner and thought to myself as I did it: looked right for her as she came in sight. Looked passed my mom and her mom (my aunt ROFL) through like some zig-zag hallway with a living room and kitchen and shit (it didn't really make any sense) and saw into her room where she still was. That's really all I remember from the dream, but I really enjoyed it because it seemed completely real at the time. It was so...






I can't finish that sentence because words cannot describe, however here is an addendum/alternation/confusion that is added into it. I am hesitant to even mention this because it might detract from the story somehow, but eh basically it was either ALTERNATING or a hybrid of some sort between Kaylee and Roxann. I like Roxann a lot and think she's pretty as well, but I don't feel for her even remotely close to the same way I feel about Kaylee. During the kissing part I am quite sure it was Kaylee, but I can't help but remembering that it was Roxann at other parts????? Which parts exactly I have no idea. The dream went a lot slower as it happened of course, and a lot of it is blurry and left out.





I felt the kiss though. My dream was realistic enough to feel the moment: AND I FUCKING LOVED IT. EVERYTHING ABOUT IT. I WISH IT HAD ACTUALLY HAPPENED.





You can imagine where my thoughts are taking me right now: to be "real" or to... [GAH CATCHING MYSELF AGAIN: I CAN _ONLY_ BE REAL BECAUSE IT IS UNFAIR TO HER OTHERWISE]. But But But But I want to modify myself so much for her!!!!! I am confident enough in my sociopathic skills that I can live the entire duration of the rest of my life as a non-vulgar/etc person. I even want to. I know I want to. I am reminded of that House episode (think I've mentioned this before (I'm probably going in circles in logic here lmfao)) where the guy preferred to not take the male pills or whatever and he preferred to be a tamer female or something because it meant that he could get along with his wife. IT WASN'T THE 'REAL' HIM................... except it was. What the fuck is real, if we can chemically modify ourselves? We are chemically driven, and our chemicals are formed SOMEWHAT randomly. Evolution "survival of the fittest" dictates what chemicals drive us, but love has nothing to do with survival of the fittest. I am not worried about passing on my genes, I am worried about living a loveless life and dying alone. I feel as though love is a HUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE part of the "life experience". I want it and I want her.



Cold turkey eradication of SHAME
Cold turkey eradication of "love and/or a thing of beauty" (-Montaigne/Socrates(?))

Perhaps I am fighting it one by one (emotion by emotion) instead of casting it out of my mind? Or perhaps those two idiots are fools to not throw themselves into a truly meaningful and loving relationship.



What is there in life? There is nothing of requirement. You make your own goals. I want software and love (software is my passion). Nowhere in that do I require vulgarity. I can easily blow it to smitherines and shape myself to be without it. I have come full circle back to that "shame box" that I will allow her to [physically] shred.

vs.

In my natural state without shaping myself, I am vulgar [...........easy to predict the rest of this paragraph........]



WHAT THE FUCK DO I DO WHAT THE FUCK DO I DO WHAT THE FUCK DO I DO???????

I am digressing as fuck and this has nothing to do with the dream, but it's the same train of thought so it does not belong in another document! (TODOreq, remember that that is the definition of another document (even though someday I might merge documents and mere tangents)).



I like that I have analyzed it to death so much that the decision has become "simple". Not simple in the "I know what to decide!" simple... but simple in the "Hmm this is easy to COMPREHEND" simple. The problem is easy to understand, the solution is difficult to come by. So is the "big question" of "Where did life come from? (err, where did the point of singularity that goes "bang" come from?)". Questions, once analyzed properly, often become simple... but their answers, until known, remain difficult.



I sit here staring at my screen and thinking. I wish I could decide. The argument of "she deserves to see the real me" factors in, but if the real me is FROM THIS POINT FORWARD non-vulgar (equivalent to opting to not take the male hormones in that one episode), is that good enough? I am definitely not longer talking about cuss words. Fuck cuss words who gives a shit about em. I don't even know for sure if/that she is interested. Here are two more things I haven't yet written about that make me think she has a seed planted in her head. She is dating Eddie again, and that is a step backwards... which I can [desparately!] extract the fact that she's..... trying something new? Meh that shit is fail analysis but eh desparate steven is desparate. The second is, when she said that time in my presence to someone else "I only date David", she also right around the same time said: "You're showing your softer side" [also to/about David]. We do that bullshit of talking to each other in front of others completely indirectly (of which I am mostly remaining silent because SHE IS REMAINING SILENT WHEN I TRY TO CONTACT HER _DIRECTLY_), so it's really a coin toss as to whether she is communicating with me or not. It could be my vivid imagination, it could be her communicating consciously, or it could even be her subconscious leaking MUAHAHAHAHA (that would mean a seed is planted and she doesn't even realize it yet!)... which is still her communicating. I think she thinks (knows?) I'm "rough around the edges". She doesn't know me (nobody does) so I mean I think if she did that she'd be more likely to say yes. I.... [insert bullshit about 'raising the dimmer here']. Aside from that, I am trying to be more outgoing and myself, except I am fighting a war in my brain: be more outgoing vs. leak/output less. It is painful and the only solution is to launch. But I have a prerequisite to launch and it is to figure out if I am be vulgar or not.



This is the question: can I be "real" without being vulgar?


I don't understand it. Do I mean without thinking dirty thoughts? Without saying dirty things? Or without DOING dirty things (I would argue that only this one matters)? Considering I can and will (and even want to) be monogamous in a relationship with her, I _SURELY_ could do the last one. Must I change my thoughts (I intend on settings my thoughts == my words, so the first two are really the same)? COULD I EVEN change them if I wanted to? I highly doubt it. I could suppress them in that I would consciously steer my thoughts/words away from them, but do I need to and am I willing to? Am I willing to? Yes. Definitely.


Is my steering my thoughts/words away from vulgarity still me being "real"?



Everything is random. All thoughts are random. All of everything is random and you can take your thoughts in whatever direction you please. Sometimes it is chemical (horny, hungry), but I would argue that at least some of the time we choose what direction to go. Since we choose, we are willing it. Since we are willing it, whatever direction we go is the direction we go. To "detect" a different train of thought and to will ourselves AWAY from it (WHETHER VULGAR OR NOT), is an entirely natural part of living/thinking/speaking/'acting(?)'. As a random example, I try not to think about Java because I think it's a complete fucking waste of time. Am I being any less "real" because of it?


Where does that analogy fall apart? I feel as though it does/might, but I cannot figure out where. Perhaps it doesn't and it's just my bug-seeking mentality trying to test it. I hope that is the case, but I must continue to analyze. I need to be certain (CAMARON SAYS THIS IS A WASTE OF A LIFE IN THE SERIES FINALE). fml.





What of the bliss? What of the "I shall have nothing to hide". "I shall obliterate shame cold turkey". If I have a "shame box", I will not be able to reach that status. The only way I might be able to reach it is if she decides/ALLOWS(?) for me to release it. Am I willing to allow her to keep me shameful? To run away from my own thoughts!?!?!?!?!?



To run away vs. to will away ---- there is hardly a difference. Denial and subject matter is the only difference. It is very easy for a mind to lie to itself.