Dreams:
0) Miltant vixen death
1) Nick mouth, mission killing cali house etc
2) Full face raining
3) Abstract logical platform (teeworlds and code?)
4) Chewy
5) 2nd cousin dreamcast, overall pleasantness of dream
6) High school elementary graduation held back eventual quit, missed friendships, nostalgia, embrace future/dance/technology (set standard'ish)
7) Dad drives into lake with 3-meter diving board, my comp in pocket gets wet but I don't mind too much


0) Dream from a while ago that I barely remember. I was laying on the ground basically dead/dying. Having a final conversation with myself... they always tend to try to be comforting "well steven, you gave it a good shot" (esq. that was not a specific line from this dream). I was mostly confused in this pre-death conversation-with-self. Took me a while to piece together that some miltary (or just militant?) vixen bitch fucking killed me because I touched her arm (miltary/militant men don't have as much to prove to don't over-react as much as this bitch did). Idk where I was or what was going on (simply don't remember the dream), but I touched her arm and then she immediately snapped my neck using some random fucking move. Some people crave killing people and so pick fights so they can kill under the guise of self defense. This was a clear cut case of that. Well I mean idk much else about this dream except just laying there basically tripping balls in some random dark void talking to myself, of course as usual wondering if I'd just wake up in some other alternate universe (and I did ;-P (but honestly, even if such theories were true I highly doubt there would be ANY remembering of the death[s])). Just like "life is short" and "don't be so afraid you pussy" type shit (but also "don't give people excuses to kill you ;-P").


1) In this dream I was laying down on a bed or the ground, either trying to go to sleep or had just woken up idk. I heard footsteps walk up behind me and I was sure that it was someone about to kill me. I didn't move. I accepted the death and even in a weird way welcomed/invited it. I did not jump up and look behind me as I'd probably realistically do ( connect(body, SIGNAL(adrenalineActivated()), brain, SLOT(enableAutoPilotFightOrFlightEtc())); ). OT'ish: I think Dune's got it pretty accurate... to be human is to have the ability to suppress fight or flight. Well anyways the person walked up behind me and put their hand over my mouth, perhaps to keep me from screaming or idfk. It ended up behind my friend Nick and then he woke me up and asked him to go on some sneaky stealth mission with him. I don't remember the objective of the mission really, but I do remember it involving gunfights (had:funfights). I recall specifically a revolver type gun that only held 3 shots. I remember distinctly shooting tons of people and aiming down sights before peaking around a corner, pulling trigger as soon as adversary was in sight, then quickly hiding behind the wall/corner I was behind and then doing it again. Loading was a bitch but I don't think it ever caught up to me (I never got shot). I vaguely recall that our enemies were white religious men [who had probably convinced themselves they were good]. Disclaimer: I don't want to declare war on religious people... I just think they're dumb and that is that. I did recognize some of the people in the dream but I'm not going to name names. My old employer and his possy and I'll just leave it at that. The environment we were in was our old ravine area next to our old house in cali. We crossed the ravine for the mission, and I think towards the end were heading back. I don't remember Nick at all in the dream except at the beginning when he woke me up, but I did remember having a partner of some kind during the gun battles.


2) Barely remember any of this dream from a little ago: my face leaning foward so face is horizontal, face dripping water out of every inch so it kind of looked like a shower head. I felt the water/rain coming out of my face.


3) From last night: logical abstraction of platform. In a white matrixy void esq realm, I kept trying to logically deduce how to make a platform navigable. The problem is hard to remember but it involved getting UNDER a wall and jumping up on the other side as high as you are on the platform you stand on. You got to chop the platform you were standing on in half and idfk maybe rearrange the platforms in general. It's really hard to remember and difficult to describe but eh I don't think I ever solved it... or if I got close then I'd forget the overall problem. Towards the end of the dream I kind of remember it either mirroring or doubling itself. I barely even know what I mean by that but it had something to do with instead of going left to right I am now going right to left (but in addition to left to right?).


4) Small scene from last night where I was looking through a window and I saw my dead dog from childhood (boston terrier) walking around. I may have knocked on the window but idk.


5) Had another dream a few nights ago with 2nd cousin that's pretty cute. Barely remember any of it but I do remember just waking up feeling happy and in an overall good mood (obviously this means I don't have enough social interaction in my life (none = !enough)). The only other thing I remember from the dream was asking her her favorite video game (dreamcast implied, since we were playing it (and other stuff)). Although I don't remember anything else, I do know for sure the dream was longer than that and that we did other stuff, just kicked it n shit.


6) Last night: Idk if it was elementary school or high school, but it was elementary school peers (tempted to call them friends, but really not all of them qualified). There was a part of the dream that did involve friends justin and brandon, but I can't really remember much about it except that it had to do with drugs/weed. The other part of the dream was just like our final graduation date nearing and just getting an eerie feeling that I'd never see most of these kids (friends?) ever again. Kind of gut wrenching in fact (and has proven true ;-P). Idk why but I feel a special connection to my classmates at RCDS (elementary), maybe they feel the same way (although I doubt they ever think of ME in such manner, considering the rebellious-andor-evil-guy impression I [intentionally] left). I remember seeing my tardy/absence schedule thingo and basically my periods towards the end of the day all had so many absences/etc that I qualified for expulsion or whatever. They still let me attend the pre-lunch classes however because not doing so would be equivalent to letting me not go to school ever :) (in reality, they are not this smart and they suspsend you if you ditch lololol). I recall a final walkaway from one of my classes with an english teacher that made an impression (schelss comes to mind NOW, but didn't during the dream. the teacher was nameless i guess). Literally walking away from school on a grassy field looking back at the school/peers I'd never see again (it was one of the periods I was ditching heh). I knew that even though I had repeated high school a few times that this would be my final year and I'd simply just not get a high school graduation (there was some serious analyzing of that thought: I was like "wtf don't I already have one? am I talking about a college degree?" I may have realized for a brief moment that it was a dream, but not long enough to consider lucidity). I may or may not have had a fingers implementation, but I still recall groovin out and/or danzig on the dirt/grass (dirt path through grass field) and wanting to give/share my "outlook on life" or "urge to dance" with those peers. Overall the dream was depressing.


7) Last night: Dad driving his sedan, someone else in the front seat idk who, me in back. We pull up to a lake with a boat ramp and my dad accidentally drives into the lake and sinks the car. He of course rages but what else is new. There was a 3-meter diving board over off to the side that we were looking at before he drove into the lake. I/we swam out of the lake and this was the first time my computer in my pocket became fully submerged. I was a little upset with this, but since I had backups it wasn't a huge deal. I wondered if the sandwich plastic bag I have it in kept the water out, but wasn't too confident in it. For some reason blah nvm caydon just showed up right now irl