Dreams:
1) $250 airplane kit
2) Bufo
3) Driving


1) There was a $250 airplane kit and it was a pretty popular subject. It was like wheels, a frame, and a fan... and you had to hook it up yourself. I don't even think it came with instructions. I wanted to buy one obviously but I don't think I ever did. Some kid had one in front of my house/driveway and showed how well it worked. It didn't work well, but I would have been happy with it nonetheless. It could hover and not much else (still badass imo). The physics in it didn't make any sense... the fan just pulled you forward and the gokart-esq frame would push the air down. You would go less than one mile an hour and just start lifting off vertically before going even a few feet. I asked about weight limits since the kid was younger and the mom said she didn't want anyone else to ride it or something. I told her I wanted to try it before buying it (wasn't even sure it could lift me up) and she said it would be a very good idea to try it before buying it. I didn't read much into that contradiction and didn't want to press her on it.

I visualized myself hovering over Gilbert some 30-50ft in the air, putting forward slow as molasis. I thought about how cool it was that you didn't need driver's insurance to use it (actually I think this part was about a driver's LICENSE, but idk why my dream would care about that... since I have one). I'd put on over to the Becher's going over all the houses in between. I think there was also a cheapo helicopter in the dream, though it's existence is blurry as fuck.


2) California house and heading inside from the backyard, saw a bufo alvarius sitting on some ledge at human-eye-sight-level. He had yellow and black spots, and I think it was my brother and I standing there and I pointed him out and said his name (err, type) and right I did, he stood up on his two hind legs and opened up his toad(had:frog)-skin-jacket and showed us some red spots, which were the confirmation that he was a bufo (eh? idk was just the dream). I thought it was pretty cool to see and eh just went in the house through the sliding door that is actually this house. Frog fol- Toad followed before we could shut it and ran around the house where there were lots of family members. Lexi went chasing him but either Lance or Freddie grabbed Lexi and held her back from the toad. I of course went chasing the toad to pick it up for safety (and perhaps a pet ;-P) -- both Lexi's and the frog's. Chased the frog(fuckit) into our piano dining room thing and lexi got loose and I yelled(ish) "no" in a firm voice but it didn't seem to help. The frog ran over behind some weird planter thing that it kinda camoflauged into and lexi and I ran up right behind him. I stuck my hand out to grab him, missed, and lexi bit my hand. Felt like my hand was the frog at that point, she had a good squeeze on my entire hand and if it were a frog it would have popped. After prying lexi off and somehow getting her to stop chasing the frog(??), it was just the frog and I in that same room. He was over by the wall and underneath some draping planteries (fake ones?) and it was kinda dark and hard to see him... so I went to the other side of the room to turn on the lights. Turned on and a light shown down perfectly through a circle in the draping plants (pretty low to ground) forming a spotlight for the frog on the floor. I walked over and grabbed him, he didn't even budge. The frog looked different right before I grabbed him. He had a round circle spot on his back and kind of resembled a big gummy bumble bee. The colours weren't exactly bumble bee but they weren't exactly frog either. Like a brown ish. And he had the "stages" of body that a bumblebee has, namely his butt. His butt also had either a hole or a stinger, not sure which (both?), so that kind of resembled a bumblebee. When I picked him up he started squirting a damn accurate and relatively high pressure stream of (venom, I'd imagine and thought at the time).. right into my eye. I was trying to think if that meant I'd be tripping balls in a few moments or if I needed medical attention. Either way I wanted to put the frog somewhere safe before I lost control of myself. I wasn't that scared, but I knew something was about to happen.


3) Driving around riverside with my mom/dad and 2nd cousin Tanner (NM), dad was bitching up a storm as usual and complaining about everything that happened to him. I later reflected on this and thought that that's exactly what I _WANT_ to do.... but I added that I'm going to try not to be so damn negative about literally everything. Speaking your every thought != complaining 24/7/365/death. We were lost ish and he called for directions but couldn't hear the guy talking. After bitching about that he hands me the phone and hot damn I couldn't hear the guy either. Not sure if it was because of my dad's bitching or the bad reception or what. We were trying to get to Poly and I half guessed "turn left on alessandro to get to poly?" while now handing the phone to my mom. Right around this time I told my dad I thought he was insane, and of course all he said was "fuck you". We stopped and got out and had to backtrack or someshit to get to where we wanted to go. David also showed up off of a trainstop near by and I was like 'wtf you missed your stop?' (he was going to Poly as well) and he said yea.. so we all walked together.

It seemed connected to the ending of (3), there was a dream or a part of a dream where it had to do with elder scrolls house buying and shit and I was explaining to my dad that it was dumb and pointless or something. I told him you could buy a shack (as opposed to an expensive house?). Idk really blurry.