bike panther

Dream where I was like sitting on a bike out in the cold dark. Or perhaps I was sleeping on my bike (???). I woke and saw a group of 2-3 not too far from me and an animal charging at me from their direction. I jumped or dodged or something and somehow didn't get attacked by it. I think it ended up being a dog, but in the moment I thought it was a black panther.

From there I decided to go inside my cousin's house, which is a house I have never seen before. I tried to get there by following the path that I saw them take earlier that day (sry skipped some, out of chronological order xD). I knew it wasn't far... maybe 500ft or so... but since it was dark I was unable to find it on my first try. I wandered down a road and I think I almost got killed by speeding cars on a highway. I turned around, still knowing I wasn't far, and found it on my second try (I had taken a premature left (even though I didn't need to take a left lol (dark fucked with me))).

I went inside and layed down on the couch. It was nearning dawn and there was something about my aunt/uncle offering a room in the back for me but for some reason it wasn't immediately available so I was on the couch for the time being.

My cousin Garrison came into the room/scene/dream and started piling sheets and blankets on top of me. He was just messing with me all in good fun, but I started to feel as though I couldn't breathe. I think it was because of the way I was sleeping/laying: I had my arms above my head and my hands joined directly above my head. Like an alligator that can't open his jaws when they are clenched shut, those particular muscles in my arms weren't strong enough to push the blankets/sheets forward and I was starting to suffocate. I don't think it was an immediate issue, but I could tell the pile was getting heavier and heavier. I think if I had my arms on my chest instead then I'd have been able to push the pile up just enough for me to breathe. I can't remember what came first, the yelling or the "trying really hard to push the pile of sheets forward". If I did yell, it was unheard. I awoke from the dream actually pushing my one sheet that might have been over my head... forward... and lolling at myself afterwards.