0) Russian sub, bond hall
1) Kaylee/Taylor keyboard and parachute (middle button slow down)
2) War, bus, linear trench, bomb


0) Was on land and sent some ad-hoc morse code signals to a russian sub out in the ocean. Ad-hoc in the sense that I had no idea what I was really writing (I don't know morse), but I kept to a consistent pattern so as to at least say "I am human. These patterns are not chance". I somehow got on board the sub. Did they send for me and I swam out, or did I just swim out? I recall tapping some morse on their sub's fin as well... before they "let me in". I think I came in through a topedo hatch, but maybe just some other underwatcher hatch. They talked to me and after realizing I had no intelligence (military) value whatsoever, started the discharge process. For some reason though I never left, maybe they changed their mind or maybe we just didn't get to that part yet. Instead we 'went' (floated, swam, paddled? there's probably a word for this but idfk lol) down the coastline a bit and parked behind (the front facing the land ofc) a large beach house. We took some underground paths up into the house. We went all the way to the front entrance, and I saw at that point that this house was a high security area. The 'front' door had thick glass security. I saw a large picture on the wall, perhaps of a man (vladmir? or maybe just the bond equivalent... one of those guys with brown beards), and realized who I was. It was JUST LIKE a scene from james bond, but I can't put my finger on which (in fact, it probably was NOT from a bond flick, but in the dream that's what I was thinking). I felt kind of like I was tresspassing, I really didn't know whether or not I was allowed to be there (I came in with a russian fucking sub, so...).


1) Regatta house and sitting in my old room, just a soothing scene with Kaylee where not much of anything happened except chit chat. Even in the dream I wanted our interaction to be prolonged. Felt so relaxed and good. There was something about a keyboard. Maybe she was using my comp or maybe I was, I offered to let her have one of my keyboards. Asked if she needed usb or ps2. We left my room and went out to kitchen/living-room area and Taylor and other family members entered the dream. Taylor was playing battlefield something (either 1942 or vietnam... both of which I've been playing lately since I recently installed both for Caydon), and he was jumping out of a plane. He didn't know the button for the parachute, and since he was using a vidya game controller, I knew that key wasn't bound to the controller. He pressed the "middle"/media button, and I momentarily thought he did hit the parachute button (I was confused, but...). It was not the parachute button, but the software merely slowed down into slow motion (parachute also makes you slow down, so...) while the 'media guide' popped up momentarily and then disappeared.


2) Me and others were going to war. Drafted or volunteered, idfk. There was a girl I liked (not 'her') also in the dream and going to war. Somehow after we both were heading towards war our relationship disolved into pretty much nothing. She got on the bus [to war] after going to a convenience store, and didn't even say anything to me as she walked by (I was standing outside talking to someone else, that one public school rebel from the Lindsy dream). I looked over and saw her already sitting on the bus, wondered if I should go join her. Kind of wanted to, but idk if I did.

Later we were at a battle itself. There was a long line in a pretty narrow trench (4 people wide if they squeezed tight). Everybody had to be on point (just watched "Hamburger Hill" for first time ever last night, so that line/scene is probably why) for a little while. Me and public school rebel were together, I was standing kind of behind him, but still close enough to the front to be "on point" (bullets would still hit me easy). We charged and fired wildly. We gained quite a bit of ground and took no casualties. I don't think we got any kills either though, our wild firing scared the enemy away and that was good enough for us. I recall us doing war yells as we charged too, but idk if I personally did. When our turn on point was over, we stepped aside and I remarked to those now on front "good luck" (but the comment was more towards my public school rebel friend, who had no response). As we walked backwards in the trench to the back of the line, I passed that same girl and didn't say anything to her (kind of like how they don't say anything once they reach the top of hamburger hill). Her time on point would come in a few minutes.

Later we all hear over a loudspeaker, "Attention, a bomb was just dropped on <insert city name here> (not our city, some other one). None of our men were scratched".