0) House warm chair, giant deisels, bar, back way, firetruck 180, girls, snow angels, heat layer
1) Tanner


0) Dream starts out in what is apparently my/our house. We're sitting in some chairs and I decide to go into a different room to sit in some different chairs. Ones that are next to a fireplace thingy (the outside kind, but idk if the room was inside or out. seemed inside at first. by outside kind i mean it was like a circle you sit around, not a chimney you can only sit on one side of). Eh the place the chairs are in is apparently dangerous because it's in the pathway of these fucking huge deisels. I don't remember the chairs being run over or anything, but somehow they were still in the way. Anyways, the deisel(s) were much larger than any I've ever seen. Two stories tall and they were much thicker to boot (to match their height). They looked incredibly fucking powerful. The part of the house I walked towards to dodge the path of the truck, became a [small] city type landscape and there were roads in between buildings etc and I had to watch where I was going so as to not get in the way of any other identical trucks. They seemed to all stay on one path, but that wasn't always the case. A few on random roads. At one point one of them stalled or otherwise stopped. Another truck identical to it came up behind it and pushed it along. It seemed the only thing strong enough was another one of it's own kind. I wandered through the city some and ended up in a bar. There was something particular about the bar, but I can't put my finger on it. Maybe all the customers were girls and all the workers were men? Maybe there were robot servers? Fuck I really can't remember but it wasn't normal. I think I had a conversation with someone at the bar table (in addition to just walking around the bar). I eventually left through the back way and followed some path not very many people were on. I think I saw a gate that was normally closed to get into that back road/alley/thing, and I used it to join back up with the main road. It was snowing [now].... or at least the landscape was covered in snow [now]. I wandered on down the road straight (perpendicular to the road the bar was on) for a while. Idk what caught my attention, maybe the noise of sirens? Anyways I turn back and from either the alley or the [main] road the bar was on a firetruck turns out and onto the road I'm on and headed towards me. It is going pretty fast, but before it gets anywhere near me it does a skid out 180 thing while slamming the brakes. A bunch of hot girls jump out and start having a snowball fight. Oh I think there were other girls walking on the street but idk how I remember that EXCEPT I remember randomly deciding to throw snowballs at the girls already having the snowball fight (joining them)... and my knowing that I'd somehow mildly ditched some other girls on the street (who did not come off the firetruck). I guess I gave them the creep factor of a thousand because they got back on the firetruck and left. I started making snow angels. Oh wait they were all nude (topless at the very least, idk about the bottom half) -- in the snowball fight I took off my own shirt to make it fair. I think I eventually got ass naked too. Maybe that's what crossed the line and made them leave... I really have no idea. So yea I'm making snow angels completely nude. I can feel the snow on me and I know it's going to make me extremely cold shortly, but I have a weird heat shield layer (adrenaline? existing heat? idfk) and for the time being I feel perfectly fine and possibly even still warm. I knew it wouldn't last and that I should put my clothes/jacket back on. It felt like warm snow, but I knew it wasn't.


2) Tanner D. was deployed in the military and came back. He walked by his friends who greeted him at the airport with a straight face, not even really acknowldging them (and especially not acknowledging their questions about the deployment). I chased him down and waved at him and he pretty much brushed me off too (we did make eye contact tho). You could tell he had seen some shit and that it had changed him. I waved at him and told him "I just want to say hi". I didn't want to ask him about his experiences over there because I could tell he didn't want to talk about it. I just wanted to tell him something to let him know I was happy he was back.

I envisioned what his deployment must have been like. I think most people join the military not knowing what they're getting into. I think a lot of people expect the enemy to walk into their bullets. They're probably surprised when they see that although the enemy is severly out-technology'd, they still put up a pretty good fight (after all, a fight for life is a fight for life). I picture an officer saying "well what did you expect?". I metaphorically envisioned it as a really hard gores section of teeworlds that you have to first clear, and then you have an extremely narrow gores section with no place to stand, where you have barely any room to maneuver, let alone attack/rescue/anything-else.... and you have to hold yourself up in a narrow hallway (try it in tw xD) _AND_ attack (or really, since there is no attacking in ddrace and this is a metaphor, maybe say... rescue someone) at the same time.