1) Dad Music Volume
2) Void Face Body Versions
3) Berzerk
4) Tanner

1) Had a dream a couple nights ago where I don't remember most of it except I do remember laying on my bed next to my dad who was on the floor. We were both listening to the same music through a splitter. I reached over to the volume control on the cable which was on the corner of my bed (in his direction) and as I try to raise the volume he grabs my hand and stops me. I remember feeling as though it was real life and not a dream: I rolled over so as to look at him and say "wtf" with a facial expression, but when I rolled over... I woke up and saw my dresser/the-floor instead :-P.


2) Had a dream about a week ago where I was in a white plane void where I guess you could say existence/life was conceived or something by some supreme being (also me). I remember there being like 5-10 different variations of bodies and each one was an incremental improvement on the last. I remember somehow all of the white plane void existence type thingo collapsing in some sort of way and me being only left with the 0th instance: a face/mask (consciousness?). I remember having the thought at some point near the time of collapse: "Oops I will need those other ones later" or something. I was observing in the 3rd person and was doing giant circles/ovals around the bodies/face (which were sorta lined up) and feeling dizzy-ish. I guess you could call it a "character selection for life itself" :-P, if you want a video game analogy.


3) This one seemed like a continuation of (2) but I am unsure. It, at the very least, took place after it and during the same night. I was in some place that I am unsure what it was: prison, psycho ward, just a fucking building, idk. I was at the top of some elevator or I mean went up some elevator at some point and it was like a safe zone up there somehow. There was someone else with me but it might have been myself and I might have just been observing myself in the 3rd person type thing. Anyways, I was to charge down the elevator as a transformed beast: in berzerker mode. I remember doing it and knocking down all the bad guys. It was like easy mode while I was in berzerker like that. I just ran into them and they fell over. They were armed with guns, but as I said, I don't know who/what they were or what the building was exactly. I remember afterward having to go back up the elevator and to..... transform... again... either back or "up" (upgrade)... this time not longer berzerker but perhaps human or perhaps some other form that I cannot describe/remember. This time I had to defeat the enemies (respawned? idfk) in a different manner and I don't remember ever actually even attempting/succeeding (whereas berzerker I definitely did (it was swift)). I also remember at some point, perhaps during the second attempt that I vaguely remember but can't confirm (I think I attempted and failed?), looking into a mirror and seeing that one actor from... Enemy at the Gates.. and/or that one gangster movie where the assassin takes pictures of the people he kills (I think it's one actor but it might be two that look similar idfk)... as me. I remember having a moment while looking at myself/him in the mirror as me and having a thought or two. Like: "oh -- [something]". "Oh, I'm him?" perhaps... but I don't remember tbh.


4) Had a dream where I was chillin with my 2nd cousin Tanner and I was staying at his house thing. We went to LA/Venice and were exercising our right to carry weapons. I remember walking along the boardwalk and talking on the cell phone to some guy. I remember being confused on whether he was the guy I was friends with in order to protect me... or if he was the guy that I highly suspected of being the person who might attack me (and the first guy would help me from). I remember him being described as a guy with a beard and I thought that was the stupidest description ever as I'm pretty sure they both had beards. I was relatively sure that it was the guy that was supposed to be my friend, but I was unsure and the mix-up made me want to see him again in person so I could be [more] sure. I remember as I was walking back towards Tanner's place that some cop like confronted me and told me to like put my weapon away (though not in those exact words). The words here are actually very important: both what he said and what I said... but I can't remember really so I'm just going to make stuff up to describe it instead: he told me to like put my weapon down... unless I had a CCW or a valid driver's license... AND I was willing to be ... err.... pelted/stoned... to the bottom of (or at the bottom of?) a tar pit. I remember thinking that sand paper slices would be above me as the tar would be chucked at me by the mob nearby. I at first just held my WATER SQUIRT BOTTLE (the gun haha) out in front of me with two hands and the nozzle aiming downward at the floor to show that I was not a threat etc.... but after the bit about having to go in a tar pit I decided it wasn't really worth the hassle so I guess I surrendered my weapon or put it down or put it away or I don't really know where I put it but I was like meh fuck that lol. So I get back to Tanner's and the entrance to his house is like down a few giant stairs with meals on them. They are like floating and each step is to the left and right a bit. It was hard to step on each step without stepping on the food too. We got down and he was cooking some sort of meal that was like chicken and fucking sweet colorful somethings (spices? idfk) and I got this feeling like I had been there before and that he made some other kind of food the time that I was there before. More shit happened here that I can't remember.