0) Walking dead programmers
1) ATM, second visit cigar


0) Pretty blurry but I think we were in an airport and upstairs behind some locked doors was a programmers-only area. I was able to go in because I was a programmer, but the other 4-5 programmers in there I was unfamiliar with. There was exactly 1 non-programmer, and I sympathized with him: he must wonder what's going on in there. I may have come with him to meet those 4-5 programmers at the airport, or maybe he came alone, I forget. I eventually learned the 4-5 other programmers were up to no good. I began planning to stop them.


1) There was some snowboarding and such before what I remember, and some other stuff too. I was at an ATM trying to get money out, but the shit was jamming. I think I was buying a house or maybe just renting an apt; it slips me, but that too was part of the dream. The ATM spat out more than I even asked for ($100). Spat out a wad of dirty bills, one of which was a $200 bill that looked counterfit. I took them anyways and put them into my wallet. I went in a small store that looked the size of a mobile home (elevated too). Walked across the room to the counter and asked the guy if he'd break the $100 bill I got. He took it and gave me back drug paraphanelia. A pipe, a small bag of (what I later found out by asking him) shrooms, some other stuff too I forget. I kept saying "what's this?" and wanting my money back. After he explained what it was I said was worth only $40. He wouldn't give me my money back (and besides, I wanted $20s, not to buy anything). I went and grabbed the nearest policeman and told him my complaint. I wondered if I shouldn't since I was at the time holding a bunch of counterfit money and 'kinda' some shrooms (I think they were still on the counter but idk). The cop took no interest and/or told me to take-it/deal-with-it. I called him corrupt and left. Outside I was walking away from the store and there was a big crowd of people, seemed like a lunch time of a high school. Ryan R called my name and I looked to him and saw a man that looked out of place, who Ryan had his eyes fixed on. He either pulled out a silver handgun or already had it pulled out and was walking towards me. I ran for it, he pursued. I didn't make it far and I "jumped up in the air" so as to hopefully be missed by the shots (dumb move and I regretted it mid-air). The jump was unrealistically high. I somehow lived (lol dream) and kept running. Ran passed the back of store and on my way I threw a big rock at the window. Was like 99% sure they called the hit, being insulted or whatever (it's only sometimes about money). I ran down a/the ski slope and disappeared into some woods. My first person perspective now changed to inside the store: I was the clerk behind the counter. Both the cop and I were kneeling near the walls of the store away from the windows (and possible gunfire). I wanted to jump out a window (not the one the rock went through) and pursue Steven down that ski slope. I went towards a window but the cop shot me with a shotgun twice. It was weird because I both felt the shotgun blast to my chest, but also felt nothing but being 'pushed back'. The cop told me to stay put. I went berzerk and lept out the window, fuck him. He may have shot at me more but missed. I didn't go down the actual ski slope like Steven did, but ran alongside it in a forested/non-trail area. Lost sight of the ski slope (trail) behind some trees for a few steps, and when it came back into view I realized that I was MUCH higher than the ski slope was. I was standing over a cliff now, down the cliff and to my right was the ski slope trail. I grabbed the top of a tree and hung onto it and jumped. It lowered me a part of the way down, but not all the way. I then grabbed onto a different/smaller branch and now began swinging back into the tree trunk at a high speed. The dream ended before I hit the tree trunk, but I remember thinking it was going to hurt and/or possibly kill me.

I (as Steven) went back to the store in another dream and there was a different clerk there. He recognized me and offered me a cigar "on the house". I kinda sorta knew why since I had a recollection of the previous dream (it was their way of saying sorry I guess). He offered me some other good, but I declined it because 1 was enough. I began to question how he knew about the previous dream, since it was a dream after all. Logic began to collapse on itself since I thought I was awake, and the dream faded from the confusion as we (family) walked back to our car.