A glimpse of a dream where I was selecting a suitable mirror from the list of debian mirrors. I was trying to find my nearby "fast" one that I always choose... but couldn't remember what it was and didn't see it [yet?] as I scrolled down the list. I don't think I was actually choosing a mirror for debian/apt, but the selection process/list was similar.


Another dream where I and my family were at an airport or something and it was raining really hard and we had to walk towards the car, which was up in the air and afixed to the bottom of a raised freeway, all under the same umbrella. There were others and it was a large crowd, but only my family and I could fit under our umbrella.

When we got to the car the dream changed drastically and I walked left down a long hallway that appeared out of nowhere or someshit (blurry) and then left again into a big ish room. I remember seeing Val Kilmer right around this time but I can't remember why. I think he was my enemy but actually I'm not too sure about that. Maybe we had a common enemy? So the room I was in I somehow had a shotgun (the umbrella became one (oh btw family wasn't with me once I hit hallway)) and I started to like freak out because I had a shotgun and I was in a prison/jail facility and I've been, in my waking state, cautious about where I bring weapons because there are lots of off-limit places and prison/jail facilities are one of them. I was like "why the fuck did I bring this in with me!?!?" and I started to disassemble it quickly. The disassembly seemed real aside from the fact that there was a simple button on the bottom of it to bend it in half and start the disassembly. I still had to screw the barrel out etc. I took each piece and started hiding them in my pants/clothing. I think I had one in each leg (or was it on in each of my pockets going up along side my torso?) and then a 3rd piece that I didn't have hidden yet when a young adult girl came into the room I was in and I like backed up into a corner while crouching behind some desks to my left (the door being all the way across the room and on the left wall (also across the room). The girl at one point was walking right towards me and I remember mouthing "SHHHHHHH" to her and holding my finger up to my lips. She didn't appear to notice me and she walked into a glass/attached office that was immediately to my right. I could see the older lady in there and could even see her face from where I was sitting. I was shocked that she was even in there... I didn't see her before at all when I was fumbling with the shotgun. It was probably because I was only watching the door and the office thing was to my back left at that point. So the younger girl walks out after their meeting and is in the process of leaving when the older woman gets up and walks out of her office so as to tell her or hand her something that was forgotten. On her way out of the office she glanced down at me and saw the stock of the shotgun (the rest was in my clothing) and she did a double take. I said something like "this is a model"... and she might have said something back but I forget. Oh I think she said something like: "put it back where you got it"... or "put it back where it came from". She said it in a "ima let you off this time" manner... she could tell I was sort of panicked and distressed and NON-THREATENING.

I shoved the stock of the shotgun (whatever was the OTHER part is a mystery: my shotty only breaks down into 2 pieces lol fuckit) into my torso/sweatshirt and started to walk out. I remember walking all funkily and a hooked metal right angle (curve) coming out of the bottom of my left pant leg. I walked all frigged through the hallway and planned on putting the shotty back in the car where I wouldn't get in trouble for having it etc. As I was walking through the hall I saw Val Kilmer again and I think he could tell I had a shotty in my sweatshit/legs/clothing and I worried that he'd say something because he was walking with some other people (2?)... and the dream ended right around here but I don't think he alerted anyone or said anything???? I think Val might have even been being arrested but can't be too sure about this.