Omfg had another dream that I forgot about completely until writing out and reviewing the one about the 12yo kiss and 3 way fight.

I was in some apartment thing on my own and all my belongings were scattered everywhere and I remember that two of my hard drives were "sorta" hidden amongst the boxes and things, some of which were on high up shelves.

I remember feeling afraid of leaving and telling myself I shouldn't until [...launch?...].... and that I should have food/etc delivered to me so I don't have to leave (something I am actually considering if I move out before launch (those few weeks before I do, like preparing etc)).

I remember an elaborate scene of Batman and one of his villains (joker? riddler? idfk) and we like did a chasing scene and I even remember a scene that is blurrily connected to that where there was a tube waterslide thing that I think I went down once or twice.

It's weird as I write this I remember more and more of it.

So here's a different part of the same dream that I remembered when saying "omfg" (whereas the water slide part was remembered when writing about batman shit): My apartment thing was like connected in a sort of way to other ones and in the back/side there was a glass... room... joining the multiple apartments. I remembered walking over towards another apartment and seeing a girl on a couch. She was hideous but I still would have fucked her. We sat on the couch and she was sort of like a bum (looked that way, even though I knew the nearest door out of the glass room thing (with solid ceiling methinks) led to her own apartment). We watched TV or some shit and I guess like she began to read that I wanted to or would fuck her. I think there was some kind of transaction here but I have no idea who sold who what or much about it at all. I ended up laying down on the couch in some impossible manner and then I remember her going off somewhere behind me and her saying something but I can't remember what it was. I was able to deduce what she was about to do from what she said, however. She came up behind me and poked my butt with a needle. I remember thinking I hoped it wasn't her own personal needle but that it probably was. I wondered if she gave me heroin or meth but shit I don't even think meth is possible to take by needle (idfk) so I concluded it was heroin. I remember feeling genuinely high... as if the dream were real... and I felt scared a bit because I didn't know what would happen next. I remember feeling my body turn to numb in a wave resonating from the needle prick. I remember everything getting dark and at this point I also tried really hard to open my eyes... which I did for real and saw my actual room and at that point I knew it was a dream. There was a little part of my brain that thought maybe me laying in my actual bed was a trip or something from the drug she gave me... but I don't think it lasted long.


Back more towards the beginning of the dream was intruders and shit into my apartment and I kept looking for and re-finding my hard drives because I kept forgetting where I had put them... these people started off as regular humans but this/they are what turned into a weird outside (I remember there being telephone wires and we/us/me-at-least going up/down on one of them with some bat grapple shit or fuck I don't know) chase that was still relating to the hard drives.


All of this dream happened during the same night as, but much earlier than, the 12yo kiss / 3 way fight dream.