0) Driving, David/Me
1) Rubber band gun, mine pistol garrison's rifle


0) Driving in a car with David (both of us in the back seat). I think we started being followed, I think I accidentally threatened someone. I think we were heading to the person who was threatened (their house or whatever). On electronic devices we had (phones, tables, something idfk), we were shown (or pulled up, idk which) 'profiles' of ourselves. The profiles were made by 3rd parties, and of the /b/tard variety (that is to say, they were well made). My brothers looked like a MySpace profile. The picture of my brother was him with a bowl cut and one of his upper front teeth missing (his right, our left). There was blinking text and yada on the page. The background music was the guitar rift from the Space Ghost intro/theme (which I just started watching recently. I didn't understand it as a child). I remember the words "he ordains orders" on the page, it was in reference to him "calling people out" or some nonsense along those lines (kinda blurry). Like he would call you out to the streets or something. My "profile" started as a closeup up my face. I was two-faced. On my right (your left) was a white mask thing with black squiggly lines (that looked like cut/burn marks (or just part of the design of the mask ofc)). My left (your right) was just my normal face. The 'profile' was by default zoomed in so that my face took up the entire screen. As you zoomed out, a wedding scene appeared. I was the groom and there was a bride and a bunch of family members around/behind us (we weren't at the alter or anything, but had gathered for a picture probably during reception phase). Every person in the picture had that same mask on. I don't remember what the facial expression was [on the non-masked side]. It may have been emotionless 'default', but there may have been an ever so slight smile on our faces. I think I even zoomed out the profile so far that I then saw some technology 'border' (hard to describe, but kind of like the random shapes and shit they show during the "technical difficulties" screens) around the core of the picture. Also I remember noticing that my 'profile' was just an image, whereas my brothers was a traditional website [with an image embedded]. My 'profile' had no background music I don't think.


1) Driving around with Gerard and a few other family members (only other one I remember is Taylor, but that's not to say it was just us 3). We stopped in front of some store and Taylor went in to get some candy (somehow represented the new vidya console he got on black friday). I could see him through the window at the front of the store. I had a lethal rubber band gun (a lethal wooden gun powered by rubber bands) and I saw a trash bin right in front of me and decided to get rid of it (I didn't use it or anything, but wanted to get rid of it simply because it was probably illegal to possess. I even remembered thinking "well a REAL gun is actually legal, I'm better off with one of those" during the dream). I put the wooden gun in the trash and tried to make it pretty deep so a passer by wouldn't see it, but also not so deep that I'd get lots of lol germs on my arm/sleeve (I was wearing a sweatshirt). Basically "under the first layer" of trash. Later we were driving and Garrison showed me his. He even shot me in the arm with it. I was expecting a lot more pain but it really didn't hurt very much at all. Also kind of random facts: mine was a pistol and his was a larger rifle. But they were both rubberband powered and wooden. Idk why his was suddenly so weak.