0) Dad, paradise
1) Skateboard, sewer tunnel
2) Parents upper room over the river
3) Fall to waste treatment, guy, steal something, grandpa's apt, dead, two courses of action, steal back (one shot) vs. bridge jump, fall not afraid semi-lucid, get up (oobe on demand?)
4) Plane, cars


0) This and (1) were night before last. At california house, I walk out through the garage and into the circular driveway. My dad walks into the house from the garage as I do. I think he's out there cleaning the garage but idk. I either start to sing or just think about the song from Willy Wonka "If you want to view paradise" while looking around me at the beautiful earth. The mountains and trees and sky and everything. I begin to cry a happy cry. It's blissful (though I've experience better ;-P). My dad comes back out to the garage and shit gets awkward. I'm far enough away that I don't think he can see my tears, but I still try to make myself stop crying. I just don't want him to ask why I'm crying etc. My mood gets killed. He isn't even angry and yet his mere presence just changes everything. I wanted to tell him about it and/or show him, but I knew it'd be wasted effort (words can't do it justice, for starters).


1) Skateboarding around with some teeworlds players, I do an ollie in a small (not even close to completely vertical) halfpipe thing and "Broken" (tw player) points it out to some noob. I try to bust again but fail. Broken and I trade skateboards because he says he can do one easier on my board. While riding his I see it's smaller and has a more awkward shape to it than my traditional skater's skateboard. Eventually me and who I think might be some fat black lady, try to leave that place of skateboarding. We have to go through a long and tiny tunnel, walking with our legs on either side of a stream of poop, and crouched down because otherwise we'd hit our heads. On the other end of that tunnel is where we belonged, where we were skateboarding was some other place.


2) Idk which of my parents' house it was, at some place there was a room on the top/3rd(mb 4th) floor where there was a small room with a view. It seemed like just a sitting/relaxing room, but I wanted to ask my parents if I could make it my room. The room semi-transformed, idk seemed like I walked to it twice. The second time I had to go through a tunnel that went over the river we lived next to (think:Vienna). The room was then on the other side of the river facing back towards the main portion of the house. I could see my parents' room and felt confident that if I were to talk in that room, that my parents wouldn't hear me from theirs. There was more to this dream involving Irvin and his dad Keith, but I can't remember what. I just remembering saying "Hey Keith!" at some point, and Irvin and I chillin n shit. Might have been a different dream but seems to have taken place in the same environment.


3) The dream begins and ends with a long fall. Some friends and I are climbing through a pipe/tunnel, idfk why. We conclude that the way out or something was down, so we each jump down. The fall is much longer than we had anticipated, with the pipe remaining with us for most of the fall. I felt like I was going to die. Somehow none of us do, we land in a waste treatment facility. We look around and see the owner of the place, who is also a politically active individual (either he himself, or through friends (which is really the same thing when you dominate those friends)). I don't remember what it was, but we found something valuable down there and we took it. We leave the place and the dream changes a lot. I think I'm no longer with those friends, but I don't recall saying bye to them etc. Just a gap in between the events. I'm at my Grandpa Tobey's apartment thing (which does not exist). I guess he has a mistress or maybe he and my grandma are having trouble or maybe she just annoys him, idfk. Me and a bunch of the rest of the family are chillin there in his living room (much smaller compared to their actual house). I wonder what's behind the door I'm sitting near, maybe just a small room for sleeping and that's the extent of the house. That waste management owner guy eventually shows up. Need I say more? Ok fine he punishes me by killing my entire family right in front of me. He orders some lady to "kill everyone but Steven". She seems disappointed she doesn't get to kill me also. They all die and of course I'm depressed as fuck. I see two courses of action from here and my dream lets me experience both. First, I steal back the valued good from him, perhaps killing him in the meantime. I don't actually see it take place, I just see some kind of abstract metaphorical symobology (sup willem) that tells me that it was a successful operation. I say to myself "1-shotted". I wonder if there will be more retaliation. The other course of action: I am standing near those who just killed my family and we are on a bridge that was behind the apartment. I jump over them and the railing simultaneously and fall to my death. On the way down I figured out it was a dream (or maybe that's just what my parrallel self in an alternate universe told himself in order to cope with his death (and that death appears as just a dream to me)). I began to enjoy the fall. Looking at all the scenery etc. I was falling into a large cavern type place. It did feel just like most falling dreams, but I was unafraid. I looked at the ground, "there it is", and the screen didn't go black when I landed. I felt my legs collapse into my torso and my body then fall to one side, but it didn't hurt. I think I even stood back up and was surprised that I was alive. But then I was like "nahh that's not very realistic, let's make this an out of body experience" (I didn't say/think that exactly, but more or less). So upon standing up I looked back down and saw my dead body laying there. It was mildly lucid (but didn't have the same feeling as a regular lucid dream), I totally changed my living through the fall into an out of body post-death experience.


4) Chillen out and about with some friends, we can see an airport and a hotel (that we are staying at I think) across a lake type thing. The runway is lined up with the hotel. I see a plane come in for landing and it crashes into the ground and is sliding violently into the hotel. It reminded me an awful lot of the plane crash dream I had a while ago, so I questioned whether or not this was a dream. Despite that questioning, I still concluded that it was not a dream (so I had better be careful)... and that if it was a dream it would be revealed to me in due time. The plane slid into the hotel and there was a large fireball explosion. Cars flew back towards us over the body of water. 2 of them got close to hitting my friends and I. Too close for comfort. One of them I watched and simply took a few steps away from (it was like 20 feet away anyways, but still). The other passed right over me and I ducked behind a small knee-high wall. I realized how dumb that was only after (the car would have gone right through it). I tried to watch the cars heading straight towards us for as long as possible. Have you ever seen a car do a curveball?