Dreams:
0) recursive ast pyramid suzy/girl top me/male bottom, something about homosex
1) in-house launch tape chair weap
a) lexi's stomach stew


0) This was an extremely confusing and long dream. I was stuck in a recursive ast visitor that was the shape of a pyramid. I _WAS_ a recursive ast visitor that was the shape of a pyramid. That I was trying to parse/recurse myself was a/the source of confusion and the shuffling of the bottom half of the pyramid. In reality libclang could easily parse/recurse itself, but in the dream it was a logical error to do so. The pyramid ate itself and that made it more and more shuffled. I can't really explain this dream too much because I didn't know what the fuck was going on as it was happening. I was like "in" it and blocks were dropping from the top half and I'd try to organize them or something but I had very little power as to where they'd go. The top half was female/suzy's and perfectly organized. The bottom half was male/mine and lots of individual bricks were constantly moving and shuffling. Towards the end I recall the dream ending and another one starting and I remember suzy in a room at a house but then I also remember going out for a walk and walking along some sidewalk and I could see into someone else's back yard and it was a bunch of dude's having an orgy or something. They probably invited me but that's about all I remember.


1) This next dream was short and happened way after (0), and I think after (a) too. I confused it for being real as it was happening. I did a launch in this house in this room. I simply turned it on (the next doc about Dr. No hair contains a thought I had yesterday before going to sleep) and sat on my bed and yea. I put duct tape around my head and ears in a to-be-funny-fast sort of circular manner (I've videos of people sneaking behind someone and then when they go to itch their face the person behind them tapes their hand[s] to their face extremely fast. It's a practical joke nothing serious) so that my mouth was there for speaking but that's it (I still often consider this method ;-P). I got a massive adrenaline rush from finally launching and then picked up my chair that I'm sitting in now and threw it at my open door, possibly/probably damaging the door frame. I felt so happy and began to weap with joy. While awake I've been considering doing a certain drug in order to remind myself of what I'm missing out on and to hopefully get myself to go fucking faster; this weap was similar, especially since it seemed real. I just lay on my bed weaping with joy as I thought of the lyrics of some song about someone in emotional pain or something (manson methinks (he makes me giggle)) and the dream ended...


a) Fucking lexi seemed to bark for an hour straight during my REM stage, keeping me 99.9% awake and pissing me the fuck off. I wanted to go kill her xD, but I did end up getting her to stop by simply saying quite loudly (made sure my tone was not angry (nothing to do with lexi or this incident, just trying to control myself better)) "lexi come here girl" (or something). She stopped barking and came in and that was that. But that's not what was originally going to be (a): later perhaps after a short sleep she was laying on my bed at my feet and her fucking stomach was going apeshit. Tons of gurgling and it was so frequent/loud, and had such a long duration, that I couldn't get back to sleep. I felt less angry about this because it wasn't really her fault... but all I kept thinking about was this pot roast my mom put in earlier that morning and how I'd taste tested it when flipping it and how delicious it was and how excited I was to eat it. The sounds lexi's stomach made reminded me of that pot roast.