Dreams:
1) Emma
2) Farnsworth lucid


1) Had a dream the other night where I guess I was in Australia or someshit because I saw Emma in a parking lot and she was with a few guy friends and I joined their group to talk to her, but then she left and didn't come back for a while... which made me have the thought "why am I standing here with this dude?" (there were other dudes, but I was mainly just talking with one). Would she ever come back? Police came later and there was more detail here that I forget. Like perhaps the other dudes had drugs and I got punished just for standing there or something (idfk)...


2) The longest lucid dream I've had so far. I was using social engineering to get my way into Farnsworth and I was doing stuff on their computers so that I could steal their databases. I remembered completely evading their proprietary software and going with custom C++ since it would be easier (even though longer (probably)). I don't even remember why I wanted to steal their databases... but the truth is I did consider actually doing it while working there. I guess just for the challenge. Something blurry happened here and I think it was a tangent not related to the dream at all.. but it apparently helped me realize that the Farnsworth stuff was a dream. I snapped back from the blur back into Farnsworth dream and I was looking at a printed out piece of paper. I almost immediately knew I was dreaming and then almost immediately became lucid. I put down the piece of paper and started to walk out of the building through the front, so I could start enjoying the lucidity (fuck yea outside (*sobs*)). As I was passing the front desk I remembered seeing some old guy who, during the dream, appeared to belong. Actually I'm unsure as of writing this whether or not there was a guy at the front OCCASSIONALLY, but I think this was the old guy next to me in my cubicle at DataSoft. I didn't really look at him with all that much attention, or even say anything to him (sure, I'll probably have the same dream when I'm 90 and I'll be him instead xD), just continued walking outside. Once outside I somehow automatically had the agenda of going to the smoke shop near my house (and actually, kinda near farnsworth too (except it was north of farnsworth in the dream, which is inaccurate IRL (farnsworth kinda became my house))). Before I could turn left onto the canal leading to the smoke shop, I saw some guy walking along the road and he said something like "3 asians".... or fuck damn it's slipping my mind: "have you seen my 3 asians?" ... "gotta find my 3 asians" ... "where are my 3 asians"? I am unsure what he said, but my waking interpretation is that that guy on the road, as well as the old guy at the desk, is my subconscience expressing [him/it]self in my lucid dreams. The reason I think that is because I did not explicitly will them into existence! They just were. Lucid dreams are weird because even though I feel in control, there's still a ton of stuff going on that I do not control. I don't remember deciding to go to the smoke shop, for instance (among other things). They do reflect consciousness + environment in my waking state in that regard (although I'd probably remember deciding to go to a smoke shop :-P). So I turn left and am walking along the canal and the canal is on my left side (UNREALISTIC HURR, it shoulda been on my right!). I, in my wanting to take advantage of the lucid dream, decide to fucking jump in and belly flop into the canal. I do, and it is fun[ny]. When trying to "get out", I start flying up into the air. I'm 50/50 on whether or not the flying is intentional, but it kind of appeared accidental and then I just went with it. But actually since I was questioning whether or not it was intentional, I started to come crashing down, a bit too fast for my liking. Right about when my legs hit the ground next to the canal, the dream ended :(. I do remember having the thoughts though "oh yea I can fly fuck walking" and trying to embrace it... but idk it just didn't work I guess. Was it my subconscience that laggily AND predictively made me fly (predictively), then "go down"/land (reactively), and then not let me continue to fly when I decided to accept it (laggily)?

I do remember almost feeling bored in the lucid dream. ALMOST. Like, I was close enough to boredom that I would say: if I was lucid all or most of the time in my dreams (or if my waking reality did not have environmental chaos), I'd probably be bored as fuck.

After waking up I tried to go back to sleep with the intention of seeing that tree in the sand dune desert with the mirror on the other side of it, but it didn't work.