Dreams:
1) Schless, eyeballin, smell+boner, bathroom peeker+punch, join+no
2) Kaylee/Madison JSRF hill with pool at top


1) Was in class and my teacher (Schless) was talking to me about something idk what. Behind her was another student who was following her around the class as she talked to us all, perhaps helping the teacher with something idk. I eyeballed her and effectively asked her if she wanted to go fuck in the bathroom. She 'sized me up' by, you know, scanning my body from toe to head, then nodded in approval and agreement to join me for a romantic rendevez in teh bafroom. I ask the teacher for permission to go and start walking out, and the dumb broad follows me instantly, which raises suspicion with the teacher. Teacher walks over and starts sniffing me to see if I'm...... in heat I guess... rofl. Feramones? Whatever. I think I also had the beginnings of a boner and she might have seen that too, but I pulled my pants tight so she wouldn't tell (or perhaps that makes it more obvious (fuck it)). So I deny anything and still go the bathroom and really do piss. While there some guy to my left peaks over the stall to my left and I like either hide by going more towards the wall he is leaning over, or punch him in the face/glasses, or both (maybe I said something too like "wtf?"). The girl eventually comes and I ask her what she said to get out. She says nothing [yet] and that she just snuck out. We go over to another part of the bathroom (like the part with benches and lockers) and yea I guess we fuck. Some guy also asked if he could fuck her too when I am done, but idk who/when exactly that was (somewhere in bathroom) or even what I/she said, but I remember THINKING and 'planning to respond' that it's up to her. And I THINK [she would/should have] or maybe she really did say "no".


2) Up at the top of some fucking JSRF hill with a pool at the top I was swimming n shit and Madison asked to go in some pool right next to the one I was in but Kaylee said no for idk what reason. Madison then asked some other lady who was in the pool she wanted to go in, who said yes, and then Madison went in. Or maybe the lady lured Madison in the pool, I'm not sure. This made Kaylee angry because it was against her wishes yada yada and she grabbed Madison and started heading down/out of the area. I get out of the pool too and follow her and plan my words carefully and was quite pleased (even in the dream) with what I came up with: "Logically you're right to be angry/upset/whatever (because you were contradicted/whatever), but it isn't such a big deal that she went swimming". I didn't want to take NOT her side (bias), but I also didn't want to side with her when I thought she was... eh... overreacting. It didn't stop her from going down/out of the place/hill and I didn't bring it up again, just followed her semi-with her but mostly just following her like a creeper. There were tons of rails and half pipes and music and I nailed all of em just like in JSRF, shit was so cash. Kaylee just walked down and blah. She did ask me how I was so good at it, and I said practice. I wondered if I was doing it because I was showing off for her, or if because I genuinely enjoyed it (I concluded later that it can and probably is both (means I enjoy showing off [too])). I think once she got to the bottom she didn't actually leave or maybe she did idfk but I recall going back up the hill some and don't remember her not being there during that time. Did some more rails/halfpipes, was fun, and the dream was over. There were others on the hill, it was like an amusement park.