Lucid dream where I was sitting in a classroom in the front row and sort of half way turned around and looking at my classmates. Became lucid right in that moment and then pondered what to do and how to take advantage of it. Sat and tried to balance "calm so lucidity doesn't go away" and "anxious and rushing to think of something to do before it goes away". I decided what I was going to do and did it (I feel like a lot of lucid dreams although you KNOW they're lucid, you still kind of "go with the flow".. whereas this one had one entire planned event!). I stood up, walked to the front of the class, faced the class, and sang some random opera tune "la la la la la la". It was a known/probably-copyrighted tune, but I've been trying to remember it all day and can't. It was fun and gave me a huge rush of endorphins. After a few seconds of it, the dream started getting blurry and black and fuzzy and falling apart (just like I was earlier trying to prevent). I didn't fight it (much. I would say I will'd it to stay, but knew that beyond that it was futile to "try harder" and/or get upset) and it drifted away. But those endorphins were pretty intense and I did even feel like I either started laughing or at the very least thought the whole ordeal was pretty hilarious. The singing + laughing + endorphins-rush were all three fun in their own way.


Another dream I think earlier in the night, was at some Linux outdoors convention like kinda in a foresty area but with paths and shit. Saw RMS on a dirt path pretty early on but didn't say anything to him. I think torvalds was giving a lecture under a tree and I sat in on some of it. Got up and walked away before finished and idk just wandered, is kinda blurry. I do remember one thing though: I was wearing my blue puffy wireframe OpenBSD shirt and I guess I had modified it with a marker. I gave the buffer fish a thing with his hair. Like eh took a rubber band and made the top of his hair all stick up straight. KINDA like a mohawk but just like straight up in one point (top center of head), not a line all the way back. I also colored over his eyes with like a red marker or some shit giving him like evil devil eyes :-P. I guess the dream's saying ima make me a fucking badass OpenBSD derivative... xD...