Stadium, eyebrow, bear


There was more leading up to this dream (that occured night before last), but the first thing I remember enough to write about is waking up from sleeping in a room in a baseball type stadium. I was sleeping next to some girl, my gf or wife to be or whatever. I pulled some lever that turned on the lights, but somehow also "raised" the lights. Maybe it was instead raising the bleachers, I have no idea. I wasn't supposed to raise those things (pull that lever), but I took it upon myself to do so (used my own judgement). Walking out of the room we were sleepin in and now out into the main seating area / stadium, I see a bunch of people sitting in the bleachers already... waiting for the event which honestly I have no clue what even is. They seem more comfortable that I pulled that lever. I saw some light poles that were raised from exactly horizontal to exactly vertical as the result of my pulling that lever (so I guess lights?), and I did see the possibility of someone getting hurt from it. But, the poles raised slowly enough that such chances would be low (and indeed, nobody was hurt). Later, maybe even the main event of the stadium (no idea), the dad of the girl I shared a bed with was doing blah fuck idk what, but he seemed to be somewhat addressing the crowd. He talked to me and I guess he was kind of forced to punish me for pulling that lever. He plucked out either an eyelash or an eyebrow, not sure which. In any case, it was one near towards my nose. I told him that it didn't matter. That appearances don't matter. He jokingly offered to pluck all of the rest of my left eye[brow|lash] out, and I jokingly agreed... and I guess to please the crowd he actually did it (and I actually let him). I then walked up the bleachers a bit and sat next to the girl. She seemed confused that I'd let him do that, but meh.

The dream repeat itselt later, but I think maybe it was after the bear part (maybe not). I somewhat knew I was dreaming; I wasn't lucid, but it was 'given' that it was a dream. I decided to change the dream entirely. Fucking killed the girl I was going to marry, instead of marrying her. Nothing really changed very much, that was it. It seemed significant that my killing her (taking a different path) had no effect.

Later there was a fucking hunt or something blah idfk. I was creeping up on some kind of animal but accidentally crossed the path of a bear. Stood still and it still saw me out of the corner of it's eye. It stood still too for a moment (as it noticed me), then turned and confronted me and blah blurry idfk maybe I fought it with a knife. Maybe not. Maybe I did and lost. Oh on that note there was another dream that I _BARELY_ remember where someone was threatening me with death and I was just unafraid (verbally and in the moment). Just didn't give a shit.