Dreams:
00) Forest bear group of guys shotgun
000) Matt's back yard, drunk(?) long jump, backflip to blackness, semi-lucid? -- just remembered existence of (0000) at these words
0000) Semi-closed store with closed off areas. Computers and desks of shit, HANDS (2 finger?) impl, something about riding on a fat girl's scooter
00000) Newport sand scooter matt bro waves
0) Heidi snowboarding brother
1) Car free fall
2) Car grass unsuitable
x) idk what num this goes in, but I had a dream at one point where I had submitted my book to be published -- seemed real etc but idk anything else


00) Some weird disorganized tribe of guys around my age (so young-ish) spread out in a thick forest area. We came in on a dirt road that seemed isolated, but leaving felt like there was a web of interconnecting roads nearby (I'm getting ahead of myself). A lot of the dream is forgotten. I remember a tent or teepee and preparing a shotgun to go out on a walk in the forest with whoever I was with. Someone, perhaps one of those tribe kids, warned us of bears, and we seemed confident out weapons could defend us (in reality I'm not so sure a shotty would do well against a bear -- depends if they get pissed or scared from the bee bees). Again, lots of missing information here, there was some reason I felt scared as we left the same way we came in. Even when we got to a paved highway I felt they (tribe/kids) could pop out of the trees and own us. On entering it seemed like a deserted/dark forest, on leaving it seemed like a densely populated and well guarded/etc, but still a touch of stealth (trees etc), community.


0) I don't remember any talking to her but the dream was overall pleasant because of her appearance. I went off massive freaking jumps on my snowboard, hundreds of feet of air. I occassionally cased it HARD and didn't get any injuries at all: I just bent my knees to absorb the shock and kept snowboarding. This could have been used as an indication that I was dreaming (since in reality I'd have broken legs/etc), but wasn't. I recall at some point going straight up really high on a jump and landing on/near my brother and him saying I broke his legs or some shit. The air from this jump was way more vertical than the other ones, unrealistically so.


1) Kelsi was driving a car I think in cali and I was riding in it, perhaps with my bro and maybe even with my mom/dad too idk. She drove up a really steep hill that made me uncomfortable and afraid. I was especially scared of the fact that we'd have to come back down it (we'd lose traction). To top it off, the hill had a curve to the left as it went up, so we'd roll sideways maybe. She went pretty fast up it and got it overwith pretty fast, however. When we got to the top there was a building made out of straw or weak wood. She was maybe attempting to park in front of it, but instead slowly crashed into it and more or less destroyed it entirely (but only by 'removing one vital beam', a corner one). We kept going through/out the other side (just a few feet of house, since corner) and neared a cliff. I/we of course were trying to get her to stop or whatever this entire time. We got really close to the ledge and possibly even had some of the car hanging off the edge (I forget), at which point I became CERTAIN ENOUGH that this was just a dream and not really happening. I grabbed the finished/polished metal door handle, pulled it, pushed the door open, and jumped out (I had a clear shot to the cliff). I became lucid (just remembered existence if (000) at these words) and my fear went away and I enjoyed sky diving! Wind blowing by body etc was felt. After falling (or so I thought) for some time, I look back to the car to see I haven't dropped vertically at all. I only moved horizontally away from the car (about the same distance I thought I dropped).


I'll keep writing these in the order I remembered them, but the outline is an attempt at the ordering they occured. (00) was remembered while writing the outline


000) In my (just remembered 00000 at these words) friend Matt's back yard. I don't remember him being in the dream, perhaps because he moved from the house. The side yard also didn't exist [like that], but it still "was" his house in the dream, just known fact. I was standing on a tile table thing, err like a fixture of sorts, the kind of thing a barbecue would be built into. The whole thing was solid through and through and permanently attached to ground. Idk what I was doing up there, but at some point I saw another similar table thing with maybe 4-10 feet gap in between. I felt energetic and overconfident, like I was tripping balls or drunk. I wanted to attempt the leap (<3 parkour), but wasn't sure if I'd make it.  Wasn't sure of my ability to calculate whether or not I could make it (even if I was sober-er, it'd have been a close call). I did end up going for it and it was a piece of cake. I said "4-10" ft earlier because the gap seemed to have shrunk to an easy 4ft as I did it... but before as I was analyzing it, it was closer to 10ft. The jump itself was fun. When I landed, I got even more confidence in my parkour skillz and now thought about doing a backflip. I again calculated the feasiblity of it, and I guess determined that since I did the jump so easy that I'd go for the backflip. It may have been off the side of the table-thing, but maybe just standing on top. I went for the backflip and against my own will the dream turned pitched black. Was scary and I had to simply HOPE I had enough spin so as to not land on my head/neck. The thought that maybe I had landed on my head/neck and this was death/dying also occured to me. I think at some point I realized it was a dream and I then vowed to never attempt a flip/trick when I am that [un-]certain about it. Ehh this dream might have come before the car sky diving one.


0000) My bro and I were at the beach but the waves were freaking massive. I wanted to go in but he was all like "nah". I suggested we "go right" until the waves became just right for goldilocks, but for some reason he didn't agree. I think we went swimming in a hotel pool instead. The dream did change a bit and now was riding a scooter on the boardwalk with Matt. There were lots of kids on scooters with us. My scooter seemed small and I could barely put my feet on it compared to some other guy just in front of me I was comparing to. We got to a part of the boardwalk that turned into sand (in dream only, not irl). Asked Matt if he wanted to keep going through the sand (since it was sand after all), he said yes and it was surprisingly not as difficult as I thought (unrealistic). At some point I asked him about some location at Newport and referred to it as "the corner" and he responded rather rudely that pretty much the entire place was a corner (or full of corners). I was trying to refer to the north end, but idk why etc.


2) Was in a car (SUV?) with parents and fam and driving on a freeway. Was out of it and/or disassociated and eventually realized the freeway looked like grass for a few moments. It then faded back to normal asphalt... and then scarily I realized that I was fucking driving! I said something like "I'm not suitable to drive right now" but my parents ignored me and wouldn't let(?) me pull over to change with them. I tried to focus more on the road etc because NOT KNOWING YOU WERE EVEN DRIVING AND SEEING THE GROUND IN FRONT OF YOU AS GRASS IS PRETTY FUCKING UNSAFE IF YOU ASK ME... the dream didn't go on much longer. There might have been a cop incident a bit later.