simland reality extension clones brandon baseball bat escape define torso suit confront conclude education is solution

just last night had a dream where we were in an enclosed environment that was quite big. i was new to the environment and was perhaps the only/newest one. i later found out that all of us went through the same thing, but i'm getting ahead of myself. eh the environment was socially unstable. it was not safe to walk around (at night time or all the time? unsure. was there ever day? idfk) because there were fighting factions. i remember brandon fucking helm being in the dream (fuck yea i know he's going to enjoy reading this!) and him like... baiting me... as the nooby... for the opposing factions. there was like 2 perpendicular streets that formed a single right angle and a field in between. this was the entire environment. so on one side of the "cube" was the good guys and safe zone, and on the other was the bad guys etc. right where the streets met would have been a "hot zone", and also of course the entire field in between too. so yea i was on the good guys "street" about halfway towards the right angle and was able to walk at that time and i was with brandon. we veered off the street and into the field. for some weird ass fucking reason, as i entered the field i was unable to walk. i entered a slow crawl. i saw the bad guys see me and start to head over my way to take advantage of my vulnerable state. brandon was much faster than me... but he might have been crawling also (maybe those were the rules of the field? IDFK). he was able to get up next to a tree so the bad guys didn't see him as they past the tree coming towards me. they got out of their cars and i was still facing downwards trying to crawl on the field and i saw the following event happen only from watching the shadows on the ground in front of me. right as the bad guys lifted up their baseball bat to hit me over the head/back, brandon came out of fucking nowhere (well, from the tree hiding spot obviously... but he was OH SO FAST (just like real life)) and bashed their fucking skulls in. he baited me and it worked. brilliant. i felt relieved to have him on my side etc.

so later there was like an upstairs-ish area near the good guys side and i tried escaping the environment. many had tried escaping etc, none of whom i ever saw... only heard about. there was a door and a button and i pressed it and the doors opened up and a half-suit torso-only metal bars (resembled "wireframe" in 3d, but a bit thicker wires). also a futuristic helicopter thing appeared on the other side of the glass that was behind the torso-suit (which was afixed to the surrounding environment/machinery (it appeared as if it would start moving if i put it on)) and the helicopter just like... looked at me. didn't say shit but i certainly felt threatened. i refused to go inside the torso-suit as it seemed like a definite trap. i didn't think i'd ever be able to take it off (and in a sense, would "lose my free will"). BELOW the torso-suit, behind the doors that opened, but in front of the glass with an outward view of the field (and the street and right angle to my direct left (there was glass to the left also so i could see pretty much everything)), was a... drop. like a laundry SHOOT (SP FUCK THE POLICE) except much bigger and with random metal bars that i could grab onto if i wanted to climb down into it. the drop kinda "came back towards me" so that i couldn't see but 10 feet down... so i had no idea what was down at the bottom.

this is where the dream started getting trippy/confusing. if i went down the tunnel then i would be defining what was down there (since nobody else went down there yet?). i think i began to realize this was all a dream at this point and began making random as fuck connections between the world and waking reality. i don't think i ever made a decision (torso-suit vs. drop down vs. go back etc)... but i definitely had some crazy ass thoughts and i think i even tried confronting the helicopter? idfk who or what i confronted! there was a point where it all made sense but it certainly does not as i'm writing this.

later, however, we/i reached the conclusion that "the way forward" (or "out", in a sense), was mass education. education promotes peace etc. i remember now daylight and peacefully communicating with the bad guys.


oh by the way the torso-suit may have been on a track to go down the SHOOT, but i have no idea where it would have gone (if anywhere!).


dream was fucking hella confusing but it resembled real life and i'll now reference that XKCD: "no externalities" (which i paranoidically feel like the bastard stole from me lolol (except meh, not really)). there was no outside, even though i originally thought there was. or something. gah idfk.