Dreams:
1) Purple manual zipline
2) Underground something with quick access escape
3) Snowboarding finding missing guy (movie?)
4) Frozen -> zombie apocolapyse (movie?)
5) Airforce/military/class/kaylee/molly/bike/locker/dive/lucid-fight-kiss

Had a handful of dreams last night, most of which were trippy and writeworthy. I'd wake up and be thinking about them and how I'd want to write them down, but too lazy + computer off = nope. If only I had a [silent] computer attached to mah boday ;-P. There was one dreams specifically that ranked a 10 on the trippy-o-meter that I was like "don't forget this one!", but I did. Am hoping it comes back to me as I write. Weirdly, the ones about snowboarding and zombie apocolypse happened some other night, like 2-3 nights ago and I just got a whiff of their existence right now while writing the outline. Tonight's lucid dream was the most fun though (but hard to compare against something you can't remember): I'm glad I remember it (I had it last and like less than an hour ago, so..). Going to start with that one since it's vivid as fuck.


5b) Actually I'm going to start right where the lucidity starts. There was a lot leading up to it (/adds 'b'). I'm sitting in a desk at an outdoors classroom on the beach and a guy in front of me and to the right (his desk facing my general direction) flips me off. Since I know I'm dreaming I decide to have fun with it. I stand up, throwing my own desk in the process, walk over to him and punch him in the face. He doesn't really defend himself. The dream earlier had him + his friend in it lots (though I can't really remember doing what) so maybe my subconsience didn't know what to make them do to keep them in line with their metaphorical purpose [of the dream] (now that I was changing it willfully). Punched him in the face a few times and his buddy came over and grabbed my shoulder I guess and I punched that guy too. They had been giving me a tad of trouble here and there throughout the dream so w/e. ANYWAYS, while I was punching them I planned to also go over and kiss Kaylee, who was also in a desk across from me facing mine (to my left, of them (when I was still sitting (now we were fighting behind where the 3's desks were))). It was a lucid dream so I mean I knew I wouldn't get 'in trouble' for just up and kissing her. Couldn't lose points because there weren't any: it wasn't really her and none of this was real! So after I get done punching those idiots (I tried to speed it up once I got the idea of kissing her), I walk up to her desk and she's like laying on her desk/arms facing the left. I walk up behind the direction she's facing and I pick up her torso and cradle her like a baby. I lean over to look at her and to kiss her, and she has this giant embarrassed grin on (seemed incredibly realistic! I've seen it before...). She had god knowledge (I had god knowledge knowing she had god knowldge) and she knew that I was about to lucid-rape-kiss her, and that's why she had the grin. For some reason I just didn't do it. I wouldn't say I didn't want to, but maybe the whole thing just seemed too realistic and I didn't want to for that reason? I'm unsure, but it was still nice and comforting to hold her like that in my arms with her smiling. I try to give myself gentlemen points for not even rape-kissing her in a lucid dream..... BUT that makes no fucking sense (NOT REAL!!!). I just stared at her face and the dream drifted away/over. As I'm writing this now, I think I shoulda done it (WHY THE FUCK NOT???).

5a) Kaylee and I and others were in a classroom on the beach, it was like high school or some such I don't remember. She signed up for the military, not sure if airforce or what. I wanting to impress her or just mimic her in general etc idfk, sign up for the airforce. I want to think she may have signed up for a different portion, but I definitely signed up for airforce because I kept thinking about and comparing myself to my grandpa during the dream. WHILE RUNNING (our role as military people was mostly just to run (like as soon as you signed up bam you were off running)) I kept alternating between feeling tired as fuck and energetic as fuck: like it was all in my head (and I think there's some truth to this). When I felt like quitting, I'd be tired as fuck and have no energy and just put put forward. When I wanted to be like my grandpa [and get the girl], I'd enjoy the pain of it all and run with ease. I flip flopped for various reasons but the most memorable one was when I decided to quit for good. I was running my lap (of many) and saw Molly from childhood walking in opposite direction. She said to me "I put you at 50/50" (of quitting). I didn't really pay much attention to this as quitting was already on my mind. Jogged a little bit further and right as I was about to go around a corner was when I realized I'd definitely quit and I was pissed at myself for even signing up to begin with: "FUUUCK" I yelled quite loudly and Molly saw/heard this just before I went around some building corner. My reasoning was realistic: I thought about my computer projects and how I'd have no time to work on them if I was devoting all my time to the military (namely, running). I worried that I'd never "launch" if I stayed in the airforce... so that's what made me decide to just quit. I recall a time after that where I was leaving the campus and I was riding a big blue bike. It was the one my mom just got me, but the handlebars were raised way above my head like a chopper and I think the bike was taller in general. I had a hard time going over curbs and such and kept worrying I'd crash and fall (and I was quite high too). Rode (home?) along some sidewalk that went through a freeway underpass. Around the same time as the bike thing, perhaps just before it idfk, I was getting out of running clothes and was staring at a small wall of lockers (there were many lockers in the room, but I knew my locker was one of.. maybe 8). I couldn't remember the code to do the spin dial! I wasn't too worried as I could just ask the coach/whoever to unlock it for me if I needed, but I was going to try to unlock it myself first obviously. After staring/thinking, and perhaps even trying a few codes, I somehow realized after looking 'down' that I didn't have  a spin dial locker after all! The locker below the main one I was looking at happened to have a key lock, and I felt around in my pockets and sure enough there was the key! The last part of the dream that leads right up to (5b) is back in running mode. I had decided to quit already but hadn't actually done it. My military team was swarming into the ocean to go do some laps or fuck if I know what. For some reason I stalled on the beach/sand for a few seconds extra and was left behind. As I went to catch up, I ran and jumped really high and dove into the ocean. Was kinda fun. Doing so caught me up to my team, but then some other 'in charge' military guy (though not much older than me) came over to me and pulled me aside (yes, in the water (was kinda weird))... and kept pulling me to the right and talking to me about how I shouldn't have run/jumped like that or some such. I was too lazy to tell him I was already planning on quitting, but obviously his scolding/punishment didn't phase me. He told me to get out and after I did was when I was sitting in the desk and (5b) begins. I barely remember those "two guys" I beat up, just that they were there (earlier).


1) Way more to this dream than I can remember. I was already on 'the enemy' (not really an enemy, may have just been a game) side and there was some kind of electrical chairlift or somethign that we had been using to get there. The 'enemy' base was a church of some kind, and I think it was even in session. I was placing a tactical insertion just aroung a corner (making sure not to be too close to the walls so they could see the smoke from inside the church) when the electrical chairlift turned off (church peeps did it). In it's place someone (us? them?) put a rubbery flexible purple zipline. I started messing around on it, even though I was now going in the wrong direction back to my own base. You would like ghetto rig a zip-line handlebars out of something/anything that you'd throw up over and it would wrap back down around and you'd have to grab it. At each 'chairlift pole' (since it used existing infrastructure), you were launched up into the air a bit and had to re-hook your ghetto rigged handlebars. Don't remember much else but the purple zipline was like maybe 2-3 inches in diameter.


2) We were doing something underground and I think it was a chairlift but I'm not sure. It stopped/stalled underground and there was an additional/different/less-safe-but-eh emergency chairlift that went 'straight up' to the surface [instead of going length-wise first (for transportation)]. I and a whole bunch of family members were down there and even though I didn't think it was a good idea (looked unsafe) at first, someone else tried it first (Lance) and then the rest of us went after them (he and a group of people, idfk who (Freddy seems implied)).


3) Some ski resort put out a missing persons report and as I was snowboarding or whatever I saw the guy walking around. Walked up to him and asked him if he was the missing guy. He was walking up the hill to a parking lot up there with a bunch of tents to go 'turn himself in', but I knew that most of those were just guests parked there so I told him to go down the hill a bit to the 'middle' station thing and to turn himself in there, and they'd know how to contact his family (PA etc). Dream felt like a movie


4) I and pretty much the entire population were frozen in like rectangle shits and I don't know if I was accidentally woken up or not woken up when I was supposed to or what, but everything was much different when I did (hell, I expect that to be true (sup futurefags)). In the dream was some kind of zombie apocolapyse. I recall walking around like a deserted amusement park at night time and some random building on fire was the only light I had. I don't remember seeing any zombies during this part but the foreshadowing was definitely scaring the shit out of me :-P. It's blurry because like I said happened a few nights ago, but sometime later I was walking around a more city (perhaps a space ship?) type area and was scavenging for weapons. I remember something about a shotgun, but not much else. I think we were walking around looking for someone, but idk who (may have even been me (OPEN UP MY FROZEN SELF, INSERT A QUARTER, WATCH ME DANCE/CODE (mfw they decide not to open me up because they are out of quarters ^_^)). Not sure if the person was frozen or awake (thawed? conscious?). Dream seemed like a movie