0) Diving board skin
1) Lucid golf
2) Coyotes
3) Blonde grandma pointy nips touch and rub dick on back of thigh
4) The scam, snow, molly's gaping asshole asking me to steal from neighbor, wallet


0) Did a back one and a half off the 3 meter. Jumped way too far back and landed on/near the corner edge on the other side of the pool (it wasn't an olympic size length, but maybe half or a quarter). I'm not sure if I landed square on that corner straight on my back, but I came close to it. Note: I've never done a back one and a half off the 3. Then there was some conversation next to the pool/diving board with two girls. I only remember one of them: some cute brunette I think (this dream was a while ago), and her skin was kind of unraveling off her body. That was pretty memorable. Could see the blood under the 3-5 inch tall sheets that sagged horizontally off her entire body encircling her.


1) I became slightly awake and had the urge to go golfing. It sounded kind of fun to just whack a ball (psbly drunk) and not give a shit that I'm terrible at game. The golf cart aspect also sounded fun, as usual (psbly even more fun ;-P). So I sort of drifted off back to sleep or maybe I was asleep the whole time and it was a false awakening, idk. I was now riding my black BMX bike on the golf course. I did an extremely long wheelie on the golf course. I went over many hills while doing this wheelie, and that was how I figured out it was a dream and began lucid dreaming :-). I know I'm not that good at wheelie'ing (I could become that good, but I'd know if I was): it was just too damn easy. So when I became lucid then the environment changed to a long hallway of [infinite?] houses. Just front doors everywhere on the left and right sides. I walked around quite calm and remember the lucidity lasting a pretty damn long time (though unfortunately not much detail came along with that). I just focused on the fact that it was a lucid dream and stuff. I decided to do something by will. I decided to try to kill somoene. I reasoned that I'd probably never have the opportunity to do it IRL, and I wanted to see what it was like (in hindsight: wasn't my choosing not to kill someone what triggered my best lucid dream ever (daphodils)? have I changed?). I darted in a nearby front door and found a lady sitting at a kitchen table having a conversation with someone on the other end of the table. I charged at her from her back-left (she didn't see me coming) with my steak knife in hand and tried to jam that fucker right into the middle of the right side of her neck, with the serated edge facing her front and then I'd push forwards to rip through her asophogus. But the steak knife didn't pierce her neck when I tried to stab it in. It was the steak knife my parents have right now (they have a few actually). It has a rounded tip, so the steak knife just slid along her neck skin and the knife went in front of her asophogus without first going in. It the non-sharp back of the knife that slid along her neck. So after that failed attempt I willed the knife to be a different steak knife my parents have (they only have one of this one): this one was non-serated but did have a pointy tip. Before I could try to stab her again (I think I also had to run back in her house too), an airplane flying over head IRL woke me up.


2) A fat girl I know, who I'm chosing not to name, was eaten by coyotes. Backtracking: something about sleeping in a tent trailer with a group of friends and we had to sleep on top of the gap to the outside (tent flap that was long enough to reach the ground) in order to not let animals/thieves inside as we slept. Idk that part's not really relevant but yea uhh some other (nameless, or I forget) girl fucking grabbed that one fat girl and sort of man handled her because she was bitching or just being annoying or something. She "punished" her by tying her to a fence (crucifiction style) down by Camp 7-up at our Cali house. I and the rest of the group of friends kind of followed along during the dragging/manhandling and really it was just sort of funny and everyone was laughing about it (maybe except the girl getting manhandled). We walked back up the hill and back towards my house. Right when I got to the top of the hill and back onto that dirt lot next to our house, I hear some noises down there where the girl was tied to the fence, and then I also remembered something. I instantly became nervous and worried and I wanted to tell Nick something, but opted not to and just held my silence. I figured it was too late anyways, so it'd be better for me to just let things pan out. Welp my worried were right: she got eaten alive by fucking coyotes. The thing that I remembered was that my childhood dog was eaten by coyotes down there. The noise I heard was very likely the feasting. For some reason I fixated on what the animals were: coyoties <--> lions, <something> <--> sharks. They started off as coyotes but as I was deleriously dreaming (redundant since all dreams are delerium) later on, the animal type changed. Well anyways I also fixated on how the coyotes would have done it. One (likely the alpha) would have gotten close and taken a nibble off of her foot. Upon seeing no resistance, the pack would have started to feed wildly (just like those sharks eating that whale on that Jaque Costea film that The Life Aquatic takes off). What a fucked up death.


3) A blonde grandma I don't have was standing in front of me and I held her in my arms and felt her pointy (~1 inch) erect nipple. I also started rubbing my rapidly becoming erect penis on the back of her leg. We sort of stood their spooning, and I rubbed mah dih left and right back and forth over the back of her right thigh maybe 5-10 times before she maybe said something and gave me a look that I can't even remember. Was pretty hot imo.


4) Eh too lazy to write this one, just not in the mood go fuck yourself