Watched "The Razor's Edge" (Bill Murray) just before falling asleep last night, so....
I kept "approaching" (in the macro sense, but still seemed very spatial/actual) various towns/cities/whatever. Just like flew towards them or something. Each time I did, as I drew near they'd begin to change. Their cost became negative, or something. This part of the dream is extremely blurry, but it also lasted much longer. I probably "approached" 20-100 different towns throughout the dream. I can't even explain really what I mean precisely: it was like a vertical graph (most graphs are horizontal, moving about the X axis) and as I got close enough to the towns the round line shifted from being on the left side of the y-axis to being on the right side (or vice versa, I forget). Guessing here: maybe it was that "life makes room for all" or some such. Maybe again: it was because I am white/priviledged :-P.

A different part of the dream entirely: I was on a beach in India. It was my equivalent of being on the mountaintop. I was down the coast a ways away from most humans, but there was still a path that led through/by me. I slept there on the beach and I think I had a fire going as I slept. I woke up once and there were a bunch of heart shaped balloons scattered around. They had gotten in the fire but didn't burst, and floated and scattered around the beach. IRL right now I do have one of those exact same heart shaped balloons in my trash can right now (heh. my subconscience feeds off of reality). It's maybe a bit larger than my fully extended hand, but less than 1 ft wide. It's one of those perma-balloons that last for long as fuck times, not those shit ones that last a couple of days. It was from valentines day my mom got it from one of her students and it had a bag attached to it's stick that was full of candy. Well fuck anyways yea there were a bunch of those heart balloons scattered around the beach and I think I went and picked them all up because it would have been littering/etc otherwise: even though nobody was there besides me, there's always someone watching ;-). I also decided that from then on I'd separate my trash into "burnable" and "non-burnable" categories.

Seemed like a continuation of the beach part of the dream, but idfk the segue: a bunch of dogs started coming at me. I mean hundreds/thousands of dogs charging my way on the sandy beach. I'm not sure exactly when I became lucid, but it might have been right around now. Despite possibly being lucid, I was afraid of the dogs and "jumped" up into the air and flew away. I am kinda thinking that yes I was lucid during this dog part, I feel like it was an explicit choice to jump and "fly" away from the dogs (I knew I could hack my environment/laws-of-physics like that)... but still very weird that I feared them to begin with since if I knew it was lucid then I should have nothing to fear. Perhaps it was just the rush of it all. Survival instincts made me flee the dogs, but lucidity made me incorporate 1337 h4x into my method of flee'ing. I also think maybe I was worried that if the dogs surrounded me completely that I'd lose control of the lucid dream.

So definitely an extension of that dog part (but still, a segue here is missing too lol): I am now in black space or a void what have you.  I am floating and I seem to be horizontal (inb4 makes no sense). Something is clamped onto my right foot (had:food) and is holding me in place. I don't recall even seeing what that device was, but it enclosed my foot entirely and went up to just below my knee. It held me in place in that space/void. At the end of my free left food was a blinking light. I don't recall what [color] it was, just that it was blinking at maybe 1 blink per second. I was definitely lucid during this entire part of the dream (it may have started during the dog part). I just basically sat back and relaxed and soaked it all in. Tried to make the lucidity stay and not much else (especially since that foot/leg clamp was holding me in place ;-P).

My waking interpretation of that last part is that the leg clamp is society (and perhaps the blinking light is my writing/expression): it's both holding me up (keeping me 'in place'/alive) but also not allowing me to move about (a prisoner). I briefly touch on the idea that my mom is society in a sense, only in that she's the one allowing society to manipulate her in exchange for money (which is necessary for survival (but only in this/a 'society' (which can (and arguably should) be changed))).