0) Lucidity wakeup scared mom
1) Iwo Jima Battle Brittle -> Emma salty asshole
2) Intel Ladder girls lucid


) I was scared but I can't remember what from. I had a false awakening in my cali house. It felt like "Alien" (the movie) type fear, but somehow waking (falsely, even though that was unknown at that point) didn't make me any less fearful. When I was lucid I remember thinking: "wake up wake up wake up" somewhat calmly but still in a definite state of fear. I felt scared even in my cali house. Yes I know I just contradicted myself with the false awaking and the "wake up wake up" thoughts. Idfk. My mom was there and I think I hugged her in fear. It felt like the kind of fear that a naive/mentally-young soldier cries out after being mortally wounded: "I want my momma".


) Don't remember much of this one except I think we were driving around battling (MAYBE mock-battling, but I doubt it) each other in Iwo Jima era boats (the reason I wrote "mock" is because I'm pretty sure the boats were from that era, but we were in the now). Aka WW2 era. Yea I've been playing a lot of BF1942 lately (EA GAMES: "CHALLENG EVERYTHING ------ EXCEPT GAMESPY; LET GAMESPY FUCK YOU IN (AND YOUR CUSTOMERS) THE ASS") <-- call this libel I fucking dare you cocksuckers (so many companies intentionally let their online services die (in this case, under the guise of it not being their fault (gotta give MS some cred here: they patched Halo to not dep Gayspy wewt)) just to force their users to upgrade). Well shit back to the dream: idfk but the 'chain' of my boat broke (like a bike chain) and I heard someone make that remark and that all I needed was a new chain. I thought about the fact that I should probably keep the old broken/stretched chain since it has historic value, and that we should all probably stop driving these boats for the same reason.... but I think I just replaced the chain and we went on. Aside: I don't even know if there were small gunner boats like in the dream during Iwo Jima raid, idfk.

The transition to the next part is forgotten, but I remember Emma from my elementary school basically like sitting on my face and me putting my puckered lips right up against her mostly-clean asshole. It tasted kind of salty. Felt soft and yea I enjoyed it. There was a tiny hint of poop taste mixed in with the salty-ness, but not enough to make it unpleasant. Her asshole was mostly clean.


) Some friends and I broke into Intel corp for idfk what reason and we got chased by security etc and we went upstairs and into a huge populated conference room and found 3 chairs to sit down in. It was a row of 4 chairs or so, and 1 of the chairs was populated by an Intel employee (female). We tried to act like we belonged so that the security who would inevitibly be passing through here would consider us to be employees also. 3 more girls returned to their now occupied seats, perhaps from going and grabbing moar food from a buffet thing in the back of the room (towards the from was some demonstration/talk going on -- the whole room was relativly dark). We kind of leveled with them and idk sort of got them to sit and share the seats with us. The security guards bust through the doors and yea they obviously notice that we (sharing seats) don't belong. There was a hard to explain subtle communication going on there. We told them we belonged but in a way that said "yes, we don't belong... but we'll gtfo now ok you win DON'T MAKE A SCENE" or some such. We didn't make eye contact during such subtle communication, both parties looking down at the floor. So yea I guess that bought us a few more seconds/minutes to run ahead of those security guards. My friends and I bolted and I saw them pass up the opportunity to go through an "emergency sounding" door to the outside world (in favor of a regular non-sounding door). I figured "why the fuck NOT?" and took that door.

Later after running around and being chased on the streets, I went to pick up my little brother at a baseball game. The security guards attacked us with airplanes (again, been playing lots of 1942 lately xD) and happened to accidentally shoot one of the innocent kids while trying to shoot us. I think the whole scene somehow transitioned to way up in the air (us, or at least me, also now in an airplane) and idfk we flew away or someshit.