Dreams:
wiretap
nun
united matter of existence
dress as girl cop hugs (billy crystal shake butt, glasses fall detect)
9jury


All of them seemed like a part of the same giant dream, even though Caydon definitely woke me up during/after the nun part (it resumed when I went back to sleep). First I felt like part of an op to wiretap the barksdale crew, just one of their scenes/setups, and we had an elaborate wiretap in some building/room thing. While waiting/watching that, my attentino is drawn over to the couryard of a nun place. The nuns were doing early morning exercise or stretching or training (idfk). It was military-esq and did seem a bit out of place. There were different groups doing different things, but my attention was focused on one group of 4-8 who were doing a weird/cool hand holding exercise. Some leader (not in this group, but up front or something) was clapping her hands maybe 2-3 times per second (2 sounds about right) and the 4-8 girls who were holding onto each others' hands/arms would move to that beat. They ultimately formed a circle, but it was folded over itself so looked more like a line that doubled back. Hard to explain but every other beat they would be in a different specific position. They'd start leaning to the right (relative to the center line) then I think 2 beats later they'd be leaning to the left (keep in mind their arms/elbows were pointing up in the air or something too, idfk hard to explain). Only about 4 of them would form that center rock back and forth line, and with each transition a girl would be "popped" off the end and she would then double back and wrap around to the other end (still doing some kind of elaborate hand holding + elbow pointing to the beat while recycling, but just eh not part of the central line at that point). They never broke hand holding. This only lasted perhaps 5 seconds and I was pretty amused by it. Caydon woke me up out of it though :(. I uhh interpret it as "the universe as it stands (without any improvements by me) running at full (or near full) speed". I know yes it wasn't nearly as technologically advanced as a freaking computer/car-engine, but it still seemed metaphorically to be sophisticated as fuck (and beautiful too of course).

Later and a very small part of the dream, some random drunk guy (me? mcnulty?) gets out of his car and says something about united matter of existence and just continues wandering down the street away from the viewpoint.

I think I was working for the drug dealers or something and I was approached by some cops. As my own people walked away from me, but as I sat there as the cops walked up, I put on some lipstick. Some guy (part of drug dealer crew) on a raised walkway not a few feet from me watched me do this through a hole in the wall. He also watched the two cops (mcnulty and black guy who is also on hackers movie <3) walked up to me and started hugging me very passionately, and of course the watching guy wondered if I was a rat. Around/after this time, there was a scene on that same raised walkway/bridge where I, now billy crystal dressed as a woman, walk past that same guy who was looking through the hole. And he flirts with me/Billy and I shake my butt at him so my cover isn't blown. I also turn around and bat my eyes at him, but my glasses fall off my face (?) and at that point he begins to get a hint that I'm faking it (no makeup on eyes part I guess). There was much more hiding as girl type shit and it did later start to involve the guy at the top of the pyramid, but is pretty blurry at this point.

Woke up with the word "9jury" in my head and thinking something along the lines of "if i flip it upside down, it makes another word" -- or something -- and that by doing so I can blend in as both a good and bad guy (and be undisturbed by both (hate to say it and this is also an obvious contradiction, but i think tons of good is actually evil in this universe. fffff (a quote i thought of last night before falling to sleep: "being [too] good, in a world where evil is obviously winning, is reckless"))).