0) In some desert and there was a junkyard-esq wall of... junk. In it I found some kind of old media/medium, but I can't remember what (DVD? Hdd? Cassette? idfk). Perhaps even the corresponding player with it. Don't remember much else about this part except there were 2-3 others standing around/near and we talked about it/them I think. A little later we were having some kind of get together or picnic or field trip and there were lots more people, I think all/most of them my elementary schoolmates. It was the same desert, but a little bit away from the wall of junk. There were benches/tables and we were chillen. Near was a hill (not quite steep enough to be a cliff, but a pretty steep hill imo) that was really high. There were hills all around us and most were 10-50 ft, but this one was easily a few thousand ft high. At the bottom of the hill I saw a large pack of coyotes (or mb wolves), somewhere between 20-100. They probably smelled us and were curious or idfk what. I kept envisioning (semi-awake mb) them runnnig up the hill and attacking us. I also envisioned either a flamingo or ostrich doing the same thing and that giant bird "stepping on my neck" as it jumped over me and the sheer weight of it injuring me. I recall Molly being there and maybe we talked about those bird[s(it wasn't both)]. Later and I think mostly awake, I thought about how someone in that group might say "Steven you're usually obnoxious/etc, but right now I'm glad to have you with us", as the men surrounded the women with whatever weapons (knives) we could find to protect the group from ... probably coyotes but shit maybe giant fucking birds ;-P. I envisioned myself chuckling at the complement and disregarding the semi-insult (since shit, it's true :-P)... my chuckle the evil kind of "fuck yea let's shank us some fucking dogs(birds?)!!!" excited/unafraid laugh.


1) Roxy and I went camping pretty north of my gilbert house (not anywhere near payson/etc though), we just found some trees away from roads/paths and lay down on the ground. We were nude and fell asleep in each others' arms (comfortable, even though just a dream :-P), but not before I somehow attached some weird machinery to my dick. It may have been a computer fan or a car engine part, and it was turned on. It gave me a slight tug (not unpleasant) and idk hard to explain (it was kind of like bondage but idfk). We both woke up "all of the sudden" later on and then ate some smoked sausages that she brought, they were delicious and a little sweet. Later we were walking around the steets of gilbert/mesa and I think planning on going camping again (I think it was a different day). We walked around pushing a shopping cart that had 2-3 5lb water jugs in it. We found a van/truck being loaded with the same water jugs (by employees), and Roxy and I snuck into the truck and hid in between walls of water jugs. For some reason they left a gap in the middle large enough for her and I and the shopping cart. We both spun around in circles on opposite ends of the shopping cart, somehow this was to retain balance (and would have been especially useful once the truck started moving). No words were spoken, but she and I both knew we were in it for the adventure: where would the truck take us? Kind of like jumping on a moving train (so want to). For some reason though we heard the employees talking/counting and then they began to unload the truck's water bottles. Roxy and I jumped off the back of the truck with our shopping cart and started pushing it away to continue walking around. We were noticed of course and some guy asked us wtf we were doing etc. Since our water jugs were identical, he told some lady at a grocery store checkout station we were theives to get her to call the police. I approached him and told him the jugs were ours, I think he may have believed me since our water jugs had "retail plastic" on the top, connecting our jugs to one another (aside from that, the jugs were identical).
I'm not sure if we went camping again, but I definitely thought about it (mb mostly awake). I think she [would have] brought more smoked sausages, and I worried about rain and I either brought or planned to bring a waterproof tent. I worried that the rain would loosen the stakes out of the ground and the tent would fall on us, and I being the male would go out and do it again (this time leaving large rocks on top of the stakes). I thought about her suffocating while waiting in the collapsed tent, but all she would have had to do to not suffocate is hold the tent up with her arms.