No elephants :(, and yesterday after writing that I leaked all but 7 characters of my offline devbox password into my online netbook, into keepassX. Not worried (though was) because I concluded that in order for it to help anyone, they'd need physical access anyways... and if they could now get physical access, then they could have in the past just as easily... which means they could have put a keylogger on and gotten that same password with ease.

Still, REVENGE OF THE SUBCONSCIENCE? Or just dumb me? lolidfk.

Had a dream where I was in Stratum laser tag and it was closed and out of business. Was just like exploring the empty rooms and stuff and I saw/found/met Aeriel from my high school in there. Tried to fuck her and failed, but oh well we still talked a bit. Towards the end as she was leaving she got a short brown dagger/sword (brown handle) and said something like "this is all I need" or some shit. It reminded me of a dildo a bit and tbh I have no idea if that's what the dream was implying. Dildo dagger (SHIRT). So yea she got on a brown horse with her brown sword and started riding off and her horse either became or she met up with and boarded a space ship type thing and it was all a continuous movement "going away" and she started raising up into the sky while still "going away" and it was like maybe a 20 degree arch up into the atmosphere (more away than up) and she was in a cylindrical type ship (think: covenant on halo but not purple) and the whole time it was lined up with me and I just sort of stood there and didn't do much else as I watched it/her leaving. I remember it being a pretty lengthy exit. I didn't do or say anything after she got the sword and on the horse/etc... but I don't remember NOT doing anything either. The dream wasn't focused on me, but it was implied/god-knowledge that I was standing there watching. I just sort of watched her leave, emotionless.

Had another one where I was walking around somewhere, I forget where exactly but I want to say through a jungle with leaves and shit brushing me as I walked. I felt a pinch on my leg or something and looked down and there was a little bug/tick in my leg and yea it hurt like a bitch. Felt real in the dream etc. I wanted to pull it out, but he had one of those round bodies where if you squeeze him he'd prolly shoot bullshit into you. The dream was short and ended before I did anything with it.