dream body slam
I was in a land that vaguely resembled my junior high, except the high school half of it that I never even attended (well except a jh class here and there). I had a robot friend or something talking to me about fuck who knows what. We were walking around. He eventually said something about babies. I can't remember the exact word he used, maybe it was simply "babies". Yea I think that was it, but I'm not 100% sure. Anyways, the robot said it with a robot smile (so no smile at all? hard to explain), and in a completely monotone voice. Since it was the only word he said, I/he (somehow the dream became 3rd person around this point) had trouble determining what the robot was getting at. Took 3 times with the robot saying the same thing over and over and me/he saying "what?" (or similar) in between before I/he was able to deduce what the robot was getting at: he impregnated someone else (presumably another (female? I vaguely recall this robot being male so...) robot) and was just expressing his... satisfaction? excitement? something like that, idfk. Anyways the dream goes apeshit right around here. A 'dark' (metaphorically, psbly also literally) female that was the environment and my lover... fucking grabbed me out of there and took me instantly to the middle of the hallway of my california house and began fucking bodyslamming me like a ragdoll (my bro and I used to wrestle there). Picked me up over and over with both hands (one near my pelvis and the other near my shoulders) and slammed me into the ground over and over. It was weird because I felt both fear and apathy simultaneously. The night before this happened I sort of went into a "GOTTA FUCKING LAUNCH _NOW_ MODE" (it kind of died off the past few days, but I'm trying to rekindle it tonight/NOW)... I did a lot of work on the book and really only stopped because I was tired af (when I wake up everything feels different xD). So in the dream I kind of knew or at least had a hunch that this was a result of my launching. It was either reality or my subconscious trying to scare me. But I didn't give a shit, I just embraced it. I mean I was still a bit scared by the shock of it all... but I wasn't like "noooo!!"... I was just like "oh". It's the first time I've ever felt "oh" during a fear moment. Just like "eh yea you got me and owned me, whatever". OT/analogy: Fear is hardwired in my firmware, I can never override it -- Only at the conscious (long term will) level do I have the ability to ignore it -- Fear is so heavily rewarded by evolution that we probably have much too much of it. One last thing: I wasn't sure if I was a girl and the bodyslammer was a guy or if I was a guy and the bodyslammer a girl. I guess it doesn't matter. My hunch says the bodyslammer was a girl, but still somehow I feel like there were gender mixups (considering I accidentally like transexuals, I don't expect it to make any sense).