Had 3 interesting dreams last night. 2 of them were long and vivid. They seem to be getting longer and I seem to be having more of them. Awesome. Perhaps I am just more in touch with my subconscious than before?

Flying.
Room.
Hdd.

Flying: Oh man this one is a blur, especially now that I'm trying to write about it. There was definitely more before what I'm about to describe, but this is all I can remember: I was falling out of the sky and someone came up (knuckles?) and put a parachute on me and said "pull the G (to release? was that all he said?)" and he like flew upward as he pulled it for me so it makes very little sense. And then I became knuckles I think (I _MIGHT_ be merging separate dreams here...?) and my robot companion (talking computer afixed to my body) said "you should have said green" (instead of G) or something along those lines and there was even another option he offered aside from green but it slips my mind. So I was knuckles now and I catapulted forward and a bit up, in an arch, and as I started coming down from that arch (which was more forward than up btw) I "hit" and clung onto a ridiculously tall metal (or perhaps wooden, but if metal then it had 4 "frames" about the same dimensions as a round wooden pole) telephone pole, right in front of a building of equal size. I think I remember being able to see in the windows of the building in front of me (some 10 feet away) and seeing some guy watching TV on a couch in one. At some point I looked down, possibly because my computer said "don't look down" :-P. It scared the fuck out of me (I remember feeling actual fear) and I clung even harder to the telephone pole. This was an unrealistic and fail engineering telephone pole. It was ridiculously high (over 100 stories, I don't even think I could see the bottom (but it was dark kinda down there too)), and there was no side support or branching out: just one pole all the way down to [as far as I could see, so I assumed the bottom]. I using those left/right metal handles sticking out of the (usually wooden!) poles to very slowly climb my way down the huge pole.

Here is some more that came before all of the above (I'm pretty sure), but I can't really figure out where it went in. I remembered seeing giant electric lines that "rotated". They looked semi-futuristic and the electric wires were fucking thick as hell. Like 1 foot thick in diameter! I remember some orange/white colored plasticy looking structure at each of the poles that took care of the rotating. The orange looked like it was just to make it look more futuristic. I remember something about the wires being rotated so do some kind of wear levelling or something. I don't really know. I was chasing around something (dog? caydon?) on the grass in a field with hills around it before stopping and talking to an old elementary school friend, Evan, about it. Pretty sure he explained the wear levelling stuff. Somehow this connects with me falling from the sky. I got on a plane or something somehow ended up way up in the sky. The connection is a blur.


Room: This one seemed so much like a movie and hot damn you could probably even make a movie on it! Hell I am still as writing this wondering if I watched a movie last night and didn't in fact dream it! The first scene was a soldier walking over to another fallen soldier (his enemy I assumed) and him looking baffled and picking up a sort of leather wrist guard or some such off of his body. He would then carry it I guess, as a sort of honor(???kinda guessing here). That scene is re-visited at the end of the dream, but I doubt I'll be able to remember just why the fallen soldier fell (I did know in the dream (it was something cyclic)).

So the above was in ancient days and then now we're in modern days and there's a visually upset woman who's driving around at night time in the rain and she arrives at some house and says/asks: "I need/want to see the room". The new occupants (she was the old occupant) oblige her as they recognize her and see how bad she looks. We (the camera (us) and the woman) make our way to an attic type thing and go towards the back of the house and on the left and what appears to be a wall and/or yet another attic on the left, is the door to the room that she spoke of. At some point it might have been her and some other guy, but definitely two people (one of which was a non-descript (fat at best) guy) entered the door/room. They came out just a few seconds later and both said the same thing while inside. It was something along the lines of: "Oh. Hello. WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE". Each word/sentence had a different tone to it. The "Oh" was like a (and I'm adding waking interpretation here): "holy shit I am alive and baffled at that" type "Oh"... perhaps better described as "Oh?" but it wasn't still being questioned so idk. The "Hello" was a sort of calm introduction. Saying hello to the world (my launch fits this now that I think about it). It was a humble/honest hello (not saying mine will be tho! mine will be more hyper than theres were in the dream). And of course the "WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE" was just their few moments of utter bliss during their remaining moments [in the room]. It happened so fast we (the camera) got a sense that time had stopped or slowed down for those that were inside it. I remember thinking I wouldn't be able to go in and I was anayling it and how it was metaphorically life. I didn't think the dream was going to let me go in the door/room but a bit later I did end up going in it somehow (as the camera? _AS ME_ (wtf?) -- fuck it dreams have no rules). I remembered feeling content at understanding what the room/door was at least and I could apply it to my (REAL ACTUAL WAKING (I guess I kinda knew I was dreaming? Or I thought I wasn't? Idfk)) life.

So what happened after that was a bit of a blur, but I'll pick back up on what happened after I went in the door in a minute. First (and I think this is the order it was in the dream, too): some history about the door/room. It was ancient as fuck and like Egypt type shit. Some girl, a genius, made it single handedly and in complete secret. She had figured out computers and computer programming and used cryptography to leave a sort of message (the directions to finding the room pretty much) to our present generation to figure out once we got computers figured out for the masses etc. She picked a spot that nobody would accidentally stumble onto and also wouldn't break/notice/etc. It was as I recall at the base of a long beard of a... pharoah's .....drawing(???).... in the sand. Hard to explain and really doesn't seem that realistic. How could sand have held up that long? It was like hard sand ya know? The "site" was up on a hill and there was a small [ancient egypt] city over to the left. I remember at one point in the dream someone saying "only two people have ever tried to get there. The first was [some government cartography agency which had a fancy name kind of like Library of Congress in the dream] and the second was the people that actually figured out the cryptography and went to find it. It was that well hidden! I also remember that the cartography people had to travel overseas to come [try to? not sure if they were success/fail] find it, idk what relevance that has (minddump).

So this girl like slaved away for months on end digging this like fucking room thing in complete stealth. She never alerted her modern day peers and idk, I remember the describing of the creation of the room being pretty long and detailed... but now that I'm trying to write it not much is coming out.

Ok back to what I know you're waiting for: going in the door/room. It was a black tunnel and I was falling straight down for a little and was going pretty fast, and then, just like a linerider level, the ground caught me and leveled out to flatness. Just as the ground caught me and levelled out, I went through a stage (avoiding using the word room here, because ALL OF IT was in the "room") where there was fleshy red.... walls.... all around me. I think that was my "WEEEEEEE" moment but I don't recall "wee"-ing. Time was in fact different once you were inside it so perhaps I didn't have to "wee" and those standing outside of the door could still hear me or whatever. Anyways, that fleshy stage of the "slide"/"ride"... thing... was utter bliss. I felt it in my dream and it was real. It FELT amazing and it also TASTED amazing (like candy). Ok fine so taste is a type of feel, fuck off. Let's just say it didn't SOUND or LOOK amazing (looked creepy-ish, and I didn't hear anything really aside from basic sliding noises maybe). The fleshy stage lasted the briefest of moments and then I was, a bit later but what happened in between was a blur, in a sort of temple... or dojo... or arena... or something. I'll describe it because it's hard to.... describe-by-picking-a-single-already-existing-word: Half a rectangular prism with one half being just a sky box that was blue and a river going along the part where the non-skybox portion and sky box portion were. That same river, btw, was just off to the left during that first scene where we saw the two soldiers (one fallen). They were right next to it. But THAT scene happens "later" (relative to my entering the area currently being described (_ALL_ of which is still in the "room")) and over to the right -- towards the right edge of the rectangular prism. On the non-skybox side of the stuff there was like maybe a fountain in the center and just like random platforms and shit everywhere. Let's just say it wasn't empty. Over by the fountain (if it was even there) was a girl. I think it was the same girl that built the room in the ancient days but I have no idea. It was just this very ridiculously beautiful girl... and I will mention it was one I had never seen before (not the one I write about often :-P). We talked and such but I don't really know what about. I remember somehow flying/jumping, being forward thrusted to one of the second story platforms and then finding a gaming console, TV, and some chairs that were "kinda" hidden by the fact that they were right up against the non-skybox roof and also surrounded by two walls.... and additionally "behind" wha looked like an empty bar (the drinking kind). I remember saying to the girl who was still on the ground "oh cool look what I found" or something. To which she replied (something along the lines of): "lol wut there are stairs going right up to that place". I turned back around since I was sort of floating out in the air as I told her and sure enough, there were stairs going to it that I hadn't seen before.

She had that intelligent old fashioned look: like pocohantus or something but with egypt type shit on. She was beautiful. We ended up laying together on some bed thing (which might have even been moving somehow, wtf?) over by the fountain and we did end up having buttsex. She did not get naked but instead just slipped her... ancient bikini bottom... over to the side and sat on my dick. It felt real (not too lubed, not too dry) and idk but I just want to point out that I enjoyed it as if it were real sex :-P. But we did not hump/thrust... she just sat on it for a few moments (I remember looking at her and saying something like "really?" in a happy sort of way) before something else happened in the dream (blur -- fades to black). I'd imagine we were going to start humping/thrusting but idk I was happy enough just being able to feel my dick inside her. Felt real.

What happened next is a blur and I kinda have to skip ahead to the part with the soldier now because I have no idea what happened in between. The soldier rode into the difficultly-described-area on the river on some raft/boat thing from way off to the right (the skybox, but yet another cant-even-remember area that was not just skybox). Somehow he died of something ironic or stupid or silly or easy or.... I honestly can't remember. I think he saw himself in the other soldier and just fell? Like maybe it WAS him or something? I might just be guessing here I have no idea. He fucking came in on the raft, fell and died. The end.


Hdd: A dream at my current house where someone (not naming names) was over and I went outside onto Greenfield (the long way) for some reason until I remembered the person in my house (just him and my dad were only ones in there) was not trustworthy... so I hopped the fence between Greenfield and my house and ran inside and noticed my hard drive was missing. So I ran over to my dad and demanded he tell me if he touched my hard drive. I was pretty sure he'd say no but it was the easiest way to deductively reason that the other person in my house had touched it. I had to ask my dad twice but as soon as he said no I went over to the other person and like punched/pushed him against the wall and demanded he give my hdd back. I did end up getting it back and it was just like in his sweatshirt sitting on a counter or something idk.

I should add that this person is real and I never leave my house these days because it is a real threat. I actually don't mind the real threat because THERE ALWAYS WAS ONE. Him being "here" now (oops said to much, for those of you who know me lol) only puts me on my toes more... which is how I was or at least should have been way before. To be honest I'm quite surprised my hard drive(s) are all still in tact! I have made a sort of vow to not leave them anywhere until launch -- guh when the fuck is that going to be -- my life sucks. I can't wait to have this weight lifted. The new person changes nothing.