Dreams:
I was in a villa of some sort and someone shot me with some kind of gun that I can't even remember what it looked like. I guess it was a chemical warfare gun (or an STD fear dream), because it made my face/mouth covered in creepy icky yellowy moldy dots. I think I was able to scratch my face and the dots fall off relatively painlessly, but that's in contrast to what the gun also did: fucking weird worm like things, maybe an inch long and .25-.5 inch diameter, around in in my anus. They'd dig straight through the skin. I recall trying to dig/scrape them out and as I did so I felt a realistic sharp pain as a result. They were like ticks in that you'd put pressure on their bellies and they'd shoot shit out further into your body (and the shit they shot was what was causing the sting). I tried to scrape "both" ways (relative to the lengths of their bodies) so that the shit wouldn't get shot out of them but would stay in their (mouths?). I ended up not getting all of them out and the dream ended right around here.


I was at some kind of camp or stadium and there were tons of people and we were all lined up at various times (other times, we were sitting in bleachers all watching some sexual attraction). I was singled out by some hot/famous chick; Angelina Jolie comes to mind but I don't really remember at all who it was. She would lay me down and suck me off and slurp the cum out of my belly button multiple times. Shit was hot. The general feeling of being there was confusion. I wondered why I was singled out but didn't quesiton it too much to make her move onto someone else. I thought it would be a one time deal but it happened a few times. Later, we were exitting because the week or day or whatever was over and down towards the bottom of an ampitheater type stadium/bleachers I was sitting in a line again and I noticed a secret entrance that a line of really hot girls (obviously prostitutes being brought in for work) would go through. It was under/through the ampitheater. One of the girls saw me watching and after we both just stared at each other for idk 5-10 seconds she, or maybe someone else, offered me money to keep my mouth shut about the entrance. She offered me $200 (or maybe $2000, no matter) and I took it. She seemed a little shocked that I took her first offer and didn't bargain... I was glad for the free money because I wasn't planning on saying anything anyways. She went in the hidden entrance a bit out of sight and came back out with a wad of cash. There was a tangle and I think we both had our hands on the money and we spun around each other but this part is really blurry. I ended up saying "is this funny money?" and sure enough I could feel the texture with my hands and it felt like monopoly paper. I looked at it and the sides not showing were also fake/unfinished/said-some-bullshit-idfk. I don't remember how this incident resolved.
Later, but what also seemed like it went back in time, I walked up "late" to the random "lining up" shit where the participants/audience were lined up on one side of a road thing (that was also a hill xD /relevance?) and on the other side were the people in charge. There was like 200 on one side and maybe 5-10 on the other. I distinctly remember Michael Jackson being one of the 5-10, though we'll get to him momentarily. In the middle was that same girl who kept singling me out (she normally belonged with the 5-10). She would go down the line of 200 and say something or do something to each member, idfk what. I walked up behind her and tapped her on the shoulder then went to the middle more away from the 200 so we could whisper in private. She looked at me and came over and I said something like "I'm sorry I'm late but I'm here and where do you want me and that is all", trying to be quick with her time so she could get back to it. I also may not have apologized. I remembered sometime around this time (maybe before tapping her, idk) looking over at her and thinking she was the one REALLY in charge of ALL OF IT. Even though it was some other male figurehead standing with the 5-10, "president" etc... SHE was really the one calling the shots etc. She didn't seem pissed that I tapped her shoulder thankfully but I don't think she told me where to go. I stood awkwardly in the middle for some time and spun around looking at my options. I ventured over to Michael Jackson and just made conversation/smalltalk for lack of better things to do. I don't remember what I said but it was pretty much just "hi nice to meet you how's it going". We got to talking, idk what about, and towards the end he informed me that the girl had been "protecting" me. He didn't elaborate exactly on how but as both lines started walking down the hill together and I was left standing there, he said "I wouldn't lie" or some such.
I think the dream now turned into me simply trying to unravel the mystery of what was going on there and how I was being protected (though I did so cautiously). There were two scenes that seem unrelated to each other and I can't remember the order of them: 1) ampitheater audience view, 2) green one way air hocky "addiction" (and I was resistent? (and predicted that "she" would be happy of that)). 1) I was standing front and center of the ampitheater now looking up (where I had before been in the seats). They didn't see me but I could see all of their faces, even if through asphalt itself. They were all watching some kind of sexual interaction, but I don't recall exactly what it was (maybe the sexual attraction was me getting sucked off [earlier (would now be someone else since my "week" was over)], but that's just a theory I now came up with while writing this (p.s.: i wouldn't care if it was :-D)). I could see their faces and they all looked so dumb as they fapped to the porn. We are a species of sex addiction; it is biologically reinforced. Some of the audience had private rooms and were fucking those prostitutes I mentioned earlier... but not many (MAYBE "5-10" ;-P, but idk lol.. maybe more). 2) After some inquiring I was in a room where a guy was explaining to me "this is the main event of this camp/place" and talking about a fucking air hocky table that I hadn't seen before. It was green and one sided. The green-ness seems irrelevant but there was only one hole and it was over on the right side (if you are on the opposite side of it). So there was offense and defense. I was to be defense but the dream didn't let me get that far as to actually playing. I instead imagined various outcomes: I'd lose and become addicted to the game "double or nothing" over and over until I'm fucked and stuck. But what were we betting? Sex itself? I imagined myself being the only one in the camp to say "no" when asked if he wanted to play again... and that being because I WAS ALREADY SUCKED OFF. It would still have made her "proud" because I was smarter than the rest (even though I had an obvious advantage). Or, regardless of the outcome I'd ask to switch to offense and only do a single attempt at that as well (same stopping after one try). I visualized OTHERS having become addicted to the game lying down curled up next to the symbol of the game (two interlocked S's, one mirror'd on vertical axis), with their arms lined up with and going inside of the S's at various places... their eyes shut and a look of defeat on their faces. A prominent prediction to the game as I was on defense was that the puck would be hit ridiculously stupid hard and it would fly off the table and hit me in the fucking face. There was only one hit per game.