0) Lucid tongue
1) Waves


0) Was in my room on top bunk bed in cali house. There was candy up on the shelves up there. My dad was in the room by the door. I became lucid. I then proceeded to eat the candy and ask my dad to punch me, but I'm not sure which came first. So with my dad punching me, I guess I just wanted to switch it up: a lot of times when I become lucid I decide to do violence to others... but idk I guess in the name of variety I wanted violence done to me (and who better...). He didn't hit me but I do think we had a pretty boring conversation about how this is a lucid dream and I think he acknowledged what I was saying but that's about it. "This is a lucid dream!" -> "Ok" -> "Punch me!" -> (no response). So back to the candy part. I was saving the candy before I became lucide... but once I realized I was lucid I understood that saving it really made no sense. I then decided to eat it all :-D. I took a blue sour bottle candy, or something similar, and popped it into my mouth. Unfortunately, there was no taste... so I didn't even attempt to eat any of the others. No flavor was disappointing, yes... but what did happen was interesting as fuck: I felt my LAYING IN BED MOUTH. It was weird because as it happened I had some knowledge of it and what was going on. I tried to taste the candy with my REAL/ACTUAL/semi-awake(?) mouth/tongue... but there was no candy in there... so obviously no taste either. My mind and "fake vision" were in a dream, but my mouth and tongue was in waking reality. It was weird that the two were in different realms of reality and that they were still communicating. It seemed like my tongue/mouth receptors were sending electrical impulses (taste... despite being the taste of nothing (but I could still FEEL my tongue moving around my empty mouth... so those are still signals)) through a wormhole to my lucid brain. Usually when you feel your tongue in your mouth, it feels "directly below" your brain. And it always feels "directly below" your brain for the duration of your life (unless you get your jaw ripped off your face lol?). During this, though, it felt like my mouth/tongue were somewhere distant. The electrical signals twisted and turned through the universe/outer-space to get to my lucid brain for processing. It was oh so brief and I did understand that it was my awoken mouth/tongue trying to taste candy that wasn't there, as it happened... but it took more analyzing after waking up for me to really notice how fucking badass it was. As it happened it didn't seem that out of the ordinary (and hey nothing in the laws of physics says it can't happen... so yea, it ISN'T out of the ordinary by some definitions of ordinary).

That candy eating/tasting shit failed, so I decided to go run around outside instead. I ran like a beast/animal in a-fury/berserker-mode, on all fours, through our dirt lot next door. I remember specifically grabbing chunks of dirt with my hand(s?) as I ran. I think I wanted to jump down into the ravine, but I predicted that the lucidity would end before I ever made it to the bottom. I did still jump up in the air, and tried to calmly drift back down to the ground in front of me without losing the lucidity. The dream ended right around the same time I landed anyways, maybe JUST AFTER I landed rather than mid-air.


1) Wow so many waves dreams lately. This time there were definitely others in the water with me. I tried to ride another GIANT wave but this time the wave crashed right on the sand, or at least pretty damn close to it, maybe within 1-2 feet (it resembled "the wedge" in that sense, but the waves were much bigger (and formed further out) and the environment didn't resemble it in general). I wondered if that landing would kill me. It didn't, and then I just lay there where the wave had slammed me down and just let the following waves land/crash on top of me. It didn't hurt but it was a bit scary. That there was no pain should have prompted lucidity, but didn't. I think I did swim back out again after a little bit of that.