Dreams:
0) Gunfight roof
1) Mom neck (alc)
2) Robin Williams. release obligation. cop unplug punch to the face
3) Chimney jet
4) 2nd cousin girl
5) Snowboarding dollar store


0) Maybe a week ago: Night time and around some building place (idfk where/what) was a gunfight going on. USA vs. some terrorists or <insert-bad-guy-country-here> (can't remember. they might have been black (lol racist subconscience)). I was in a building at one point. There was a gunfight going on on the roof (of ~3 story building). I was a civilian so both sides basically just ignored me and the other civis (ok maybe the bad guys wouldn't have, but I don't think I had any encounters with them). I wondered what it'd be like to frag someone. Like mentally I guess. I decided to momentarily join the bad guys team and to frag one of our own. I was able to KNOW their position ahead of time since they trusted me. I popped out of some hole in the roof and dropped a guy. It was too easy to kill him. Just like a video game. Sprayed ~30 bullets in his general direction over the course of a few seconds, he fell like a rag doll. Just like a video game. Didn't see anyone else on the roof after dropping that guy. Fear swarmed my thoughts now: I would be next. The realism of the dream was intense: the fear of being deleted fucked with my head. I could disappear just as quickly as that guy. I drop back into the building and ditch the gun. I wanted to go back to being a civi... but somehow I felt that the US soldiers would 'know' what I did. Maybe they'd be able to see it in my eyes.


1) I hope this was a dream: it was eh maybe 4-5 days ago. All I remember about it was putting my hand around my mom's neck and staring at her in the face with no (or a pissed off) facial expression. Maybe she was nagging me or something, I don't remember the details. I doubt I'd do it IRL. I had been drinking that night and passed out from it, so it MAY have actually happened (maybe when I woke up for a few mins to get some water for example).


2) Eh maybe 2-3 nights ago, same night as (3) for sure. In a wooded area was robin's house. I was robin williams I think, but I also had god perspective. He died (idfk how), and it becomes revealed that like 10 different directions and a few hundred feet out were a bunch of video cameras all looking at him. I think they were hidden/etc but I'm not sure. Someone, perhaps a cameraman, said something along the lines of "we are obligated to release this footage to the public". I think maybe they had captured the death on video. Regardless, I was able to snap out of the dream and understand exactly what my subconscience was trying to tell me: that I need to go public with all my bullshit for the sake of the human species. Some cops showed up and started confiscating stuff. They had little to no regard for the integrity of the data, and even thought it was funny that as I begged him (perhaps now as that same cameraman) to be more careful, he unplugged one [computer] while it was still turned on. I punched him in the face for that. In my mind, valuable video footage had just been lost forever. Fuck cops.


3) Some 2 story building that was locked and me and some others wanted to get in. I think the building may have been owned by a university. I _might_ have taken a jet to the roof of the building, but unsure on that. I remember dropping down through the chimney and trying to brace my legs on the side to slow myself down. It didn't work very well but I still didn't get injured from the drop (the chimney let out into the second story, but from the ceiling, not a fireplace). I remember later looking back up the chimney and somehow there were two of them. One was wet (I think that was the one I came down (although at first there was only 1 so idfk)), perhaps justifying the sliding down faster-than-desired. The other chimney had something notable. Perhaps blood or toilet paper or tampons or shit or I really don't remember, only remember that there was something. Fuck what the fuck was actually in the room though? Damnit should have written this sooner :(. Procrastination etc. Some kind of machine. Anyways, I get walked in on by some lady doing fuck I don't know what. It was after hours so maybe she had left something at work and came back to get it. She told me to "hold still" in a door frame while she went into the room with the machine etc. I complied until she rounded a corner, at which point I calmly/slowly walked down the stairs and out the front door. She was talking (half to herself, half to me) as she investigated the room. As I was walking out the front door, I could hear her say something about that jet. On one hand, the jet being in there seemed to belong and she was just commenting on it. On the other, I might have flown it in there and she was surprised to see it. It may have been the machine I was talking about earlier, idfk. After getting out and walking down the street a little to my friends chillin by a car, I wondered if she'd fly the jet out of the chimney (I just watched the James Bond with the jetpack scene recently) and chase me down after realizing I gave her the slip. Didn't happen.


4) This and (5) were last night: in fact I had assloads of dreams last night, but have forgotten most of them (only remember that they happened lol). Female 2nd cousin I barely know, heretoforth "her" or "girl" (just for the remainder of this doc ;-P). Uhh there was a family ruinion in some weird building maybe seemed like a space ship kinda but also I remember some of the reunion being outside and in a grassy field at one point too. In the space ship they segregated boys/girls during eating(or something) time and I didn't socialize with my male relatives. I really only wanted to socialize with her out of everyone there. Never once did we exchange words. I'd be around her and looking "down" etc or having conversations where I knew she was within earshot etc. I do this irl too because I am a pussy/sociopath. I did talk to one guy at the grassy area. I said something along the lines of "people put so much effort into their words" and blah some more to that. Perhaps something along the lines of ".. and then they ditch their words moments later" (but I am less certain of the second half of this quote and am guessing that half because of what is said later. keep reading). I think it was some kid I knew as a child, Brian Rummel or some such. I've been trying to find him on shitbook lately (unsuccessful) because I think he had a hot sister and yea I want to fap to her pix. I'm not even sure he has a sister. He later quoted me in front of a group of people (she was one of them), reading it off a piece of paper. He did not attribute me and I kinda meh'd over that. He presented it more like a joke: "and then he asked me for a drink of water" (which is true, although when that happened IN THE DREAM THE FIRST TIME, the two sentences were completely unrelated in my mind) was the punchline. I had been running or something in grass field, idfk, and was exhausted. He had a water bottle and I was exhausted enough to not care about bumming off him. I later conversed with him in front of her, mentioning parts of the conversation (but not THAT part ;-P) we had so as to let HER know that he had quoted me (so it'd make me look cool of course (pussy/sociopath etc)).

Later her and me and some others, perhaps classmates now, were in some classroom or something and we had all just gotten some certificate or something from blah idfk who. It might have been from a school/uni, but may have been from Google or Microsoft (methinks Shitgle (man I am so excited to be censored, I'm going to frame it)). There was like a "category" of... what seemed software related... approval or something that each person had. Even though the categories seemed software related to me, I knew that each person in the room aside from me was probably just goig to be doing some non-technical portion of the job. I was the only person who did not get any such certification/category/etc. I simply opted not to. Some kid asked me why and I explained. He wondered why I even showed up, and I think I told him for fun or boredom etc. Maybe because it was part of the family reuinion (how the fuq do you spell that) in some way (since we (my immediate family) did have to travel quite far to it). She was in the class, so that was probably the real reason.

Even though there was no [direct] communication between us, the dream comfort[s|ed] me to a creepy insane amount. Even still thinking back on it triggers it again. Blah I'm lonely/depressed/etc fml, being around a female gets me all giddy. But there are two in particular that do it more. Just being in her presence brought me comfort, muchlike that other girl does irl (because I do see that one from time to time). I need to make up my mind on censoring names or not. Heidi Kaylee. As long as I never get to know either of them, I'll always love them.


5) My brother and I snowboarding on a hill that was simultaneously a dollar store!?!? Random and perhaps OT: I remember a snake at some point. There were also pretty big jumps that my bro and I hit, but those were above/unrelated-to the dollar store thing. I/we had memorized the prices and best deals of the dollar store and I think we bought some planning to sell it and profit. We came down the run again later and some items were missing and others placed differently (perhaps priced differently too). It was like they knew what we were doing and were just trying to piss us off (this happens all the time in the free market, and is encouraged gg). We had a list on pen/paper that now didn't match up. Hard to explain really but the store was spread out over the hill. I remember stopping behind some pillar to eat some bread with white cream poof filling inside.