Had a dream with intense metaphorical analysis of the contradiction. Even though what I'm about to be described really only spans a few seconds, it happened over and over and over and in many different ways.

There was either a black ball in the middle with two chains pulling it left and right simultaneously, or there were two balls and they were doing a sort of tug of war in the middle (yea, I've been playing shit tons of teeworlds lately). I am pretty sure they were not able to get to each other's "side" (there would have been "hook through" tiles in between), and hell tbh I'm not even sure the context was teeworlds. Whatever. On both the left and right side was a maze. I don't think they were symmetrical (since the contradiction isn't), but they might have been. So basically the chain would pull the ball and EACH AND EVERY FUCKING TIME it would (or both would? idfk) fall down through a hole at the bottom of the maze. There was no escaping it (aka: there is on escaping logic and this contradiction sucks). It's pretty blurry and might not be all that accurate, but I do remember it happening over and over for a good chunk of my sleep (each "attempt" was a different analysis angle / hypothesis / etc -- and might have even been a new "maze"). I think there were 2 holes btw (if there were two balls)... and they'd both fall down their respective holes simultaneously.


Had another dream where there was a team of lawyers in some kind of building and in the building there was yet another security checkpoint type thing (though I don't think the context was security, it reminded me of a login process). There was a team of lawyers behind the security checkpoint discussing bullshit (idfk), and someone realized that a girl lawyer was referring to one of the main/alpha/male lawyers by first name instead of formal/last name or something. Upon realizing this, she was booted back to the login/security "thing" (door/gate/x-ray, idfk) and they all kind of lol'd and waited for her to login RIGHT. I can't remember whether or not she got in. Blur for a bit and then later on, all/most of the lawyers (that girl included? no idea) were up at the front of the building (no longer behind the security checkpoint). Now they were behind glass and in front of a white wall (security/etc was behind the white wall and unable to be seen). They were "on display" I guess you could say. Each view into the glass showing the many (10-20) lawyers was lit up a specific color if they were.......... confirmed/accepted/SOMETHING. All but one (a girl, though not sure if same girl (leaning towards not)) "checked out" and had that certain color elecrtically modifying the glass in front of them. There was a sort of error message on the one girl that stood out, but the word slips me. Somehow I took that word to mean "not yet dealt with THE CONTRADICTION" (above/etc)... and I felt somewhat satisfied that although the contradiction REALLY FUCKING SUCKS, I wouldn't get that specific error message [any more?]. The word maybe started with a d. Dis-something? Discontent? Dissatisfied? These are just blind guesses, but it was maybe something along those lines. I bet it'll hit me randomly (and then it's a matter of not being too lazy to write (mitch hedberg)).