Newscast zoom in to Japanese and Russian fur coats

Gun battle


In a dream, through a TV screen where a newscaster was announcing some sporting event at some oval field, behind the newscaster was a little club/dance area. Most of the dream took place in there after my vision zoomed in. I saw some Russians and Japanese in fur coats. The ones the russians were wearing looked relatively normal (still the expensive type). I saw some russian chick with a round-ish head and I think she made a face at me. The japanese coats were also an expensive type of fur but they were color'd as well. They looked kinda cool I must say. Like they had JUST A FEW bright-ish colors on different parts of them going vertically... but mostly they were the regular fur color (light brown). The colors I recall are like dark red and dark blue, but there might have been some green too. They were all dancing to music. One of the japanese, the one I looked at the most in the dream, was tall as fuck (6.5ft-7ft) and had a thick full face blonde beard to match his head hair. Weirder still, he had peach-ish skin (almost wrote pale, but certainly not geisha status). He looked white and Japanese simultaneously wtf? So yea the Japanese (another one was shorter and with brown hair but I never saw his face), of which there were multiple, all danced in a sort "raise your shoulders and then drop them" fashion. It was weird but ehh they pulled it off. They like waddled around doing that to the beat of the music and had matching facial expressions where maybe they peirced their lips on every raise. The russians danced more normally ("normal dancing" is relative and robots could never deduce it [without having reference material]).


Had a dream where a man (though I won't say his profession, it is hated by most) was standing outside my house and started talking to me as though he knew I could listen. I was at the Becher's house and was only watching him ninja style through a window as he spoke. I recall the words "you'll be glad you talked to me" or some such... which I didn't and still don't believe. Btw a similar event happened (sans talking and Bechers) just earlier this week. Was the same person. He kept talking and eventually he caught a glimpse of my face and said "Frank, is that you?". Or maybe he said Freedie, idfk. Something with an F. We got closer after that as there was no point in my hiding anymore... and as he talked I just stared at him and didn't say anything. I don't remember anything he said. He started to leave it looked like but he went around to the right and bumped into Robinson who was just returning home (to the side of the house wtf? idk (there were no other houses in view)). He somehow managed to get Robinson to let him in the house. We talked more in person etc but eventually a raving madman came from the distance (we might have all 3 talked first, but I can't remember) and started shooting at me. I felt somewhat comfortable as I had ~10 friends with me and we all had guns too. I took cover behind a pillar (white foe-marble) that was just a bit more than enough for my body... but fear compelled me to turn sideways so as to be skinnier. I remembered fumbling to get my Glock 27 (which I don't even own anymore) out of my pocket. It was difficult to pull out and if I didn't have my friends to help me I'd probably have died because of that snagging. The man who came in the house earlier just sort of stood off to the side/behind me and watched and did nothing. I peaked around the column with my gun aimed and saw the madman peak around a corner of a hallway off to the right he was taking cover in. Tbh I was surprised my friends hadn't got him yet, but he still peaked around every few seconds and squeezed a few off. I felt as though I couldn't move nearly as fast as him. I couldn't peak/lean back/forth as fast as him and I certainly couldn't aim/shoot as fast as him (then again, he was spraying). As soon as I saw him peak his head I'd return mine to behind the column. I refused to risk getting shot in the head (but that meant I didn't/couldn't shoot back either wtf). I remember standing there and seeing/hearing bullets whiz by me on both sides and feeling fucking scared. Scared but glad I had a gun. I think while I was standing there I even took a moment to abstract everything away and remember the infinite multiverse theory implications -- but it didn't help.