Dreams:
0) Nick intel machine money light squiggle black
1) Mitch DBZ song
2) 2/3 can't stay still write and great(?)
3) Fighting vegeta and that other guy at cali house on tramp, "was this before namek? (or earth mb)"


0) Most all of these dreams was blurred together as just one long one, and the ordering is fudged/forgotten. Actuall number (2) was the most unrelated and probably a separate dream (but still dunno the ordering). Nick was leaning against a metal machine that was maybe the size of a car (but not a car). We were in some room, the same one that mitch (1) was in. Next to Nick was a window out of the machine maybe 2x2 feet and the machine itself projected a bunch of dollar bills overlapping each other as a sort of video projection. I got closer to look at the projected video and in the middle was a small black squiggly line thing that sort of changed randomly. What it is/was really idfk, but now that I'm awake etc it kind of reminded me of "consciousness" itself... kind of a reference to previous dreams with similar squigglies.


1) For some reason a lot of the dream was DBZ themed and at one point Mitch from my elementary school (he and I only really ever talked about DBZ in the 6th grade, but our friendship wasn't strong beyond that or anything) quoted me from a minute or so before as singing some random/silly dbz song. I sure wish I could remember it, but it made me laugh in the dream and I was kinda shocked/embarrassed that I had sung it a few moments before.


2) Abstract/blurry/unrelated-as-fuck dream. Levels (floors/stories) of ground and walls, I think 3 but maybe infinite. Teeworlds style physics dropping down and swinging back and forth from left and right. The gap from each story to the next would toggle from left to right (consistently? methinks yes). It was about being content with life. Grass is always greener. I don't remember the abstract subjects, but if you selected one then you'd purge an earlier one. There were perhaps only 3 options, but perhaps unlimited. Somehow I got the "2/3" idea in my head (maybe I only desired 3 (out of infinity (free will)) and compromised to 2 (mandatory)). I'd "stop" swinging when choosing some options and be planted and analyze the fuck out of life in general and had a eurika moment when I realized I'd have to make a compromise or something. I don't remember what the 1 compromise was exactly, but I do remember the 2 that I got to keep: writing and being awesome. The writing is for myself ofc (otherwise it'd pointless), and the being awesome was like a mindset and also included/depended-on my not being motionless. Perhaps that was the compromise: no rest? Idfk. So towards the end of the dream I was relatively content with those 2 choices and it would be how I'd live the remainder of my life. NOTE: this very moment I am inactive. I need to "launch" -_-.


3) Blurry and not sure if it came before or after (1). Was on my trampoline at old cali house in backyard. There were a few of us but I only remember it being me who would fight Vegeta and that big bald guy who showed up on Goku's planet. I was confused at the scene because I was trying to figure out when it took place in the cartoon series. I think when I asked if it came before namek/earth (not sure which I asked) was when (1) happened and mitch sung the song. Weird that the locations of this and (1) are not the same, idfk. I did fight the dbz guy and I think he did transform or blurrily-changed-into that green fucking guy, Cell? He'd charge at me and I'd charge back! I was actually brave! I think I reasoned that running was a definite losing strategy, so gave it everything I had even though they were fucking super heros n shit and I was just a guy. All of the battling took place on the tramp, but I do recall starting my "run" from off the tramp and then jumping onto it and when on it was when we'd collide. There was a part about this dream that I don't remember much at all: something about some machine like a little handheld shit idfk.