0)
1) Molly beach
2) Awake->Lucid sea horse
3) Obama copyleft threat


0) Was snowing and night time and I was driving a semi-truck down a winding mountain road. Didn't slow down fast enough for a turn, slammed on the breaks, the wheels skid and even though the wheel was turned, the truck went straight over the edge. I wondered if even having a parachute would have saved me (jump out + deploy would probably be pretty damn difficult). The realism of this dream made me err rethink things/strategies.


1) I walked along the sand towards the beach, seemed a somewhat long distance to the water. Molly and I arrived at the same point on the beach coming from different angles (both at ~45 degree angles, maybe less). We went in the water I think, but I don't think she went in as much/far as me. The beach we were at resembled "The Wedge" again, but it wasn't it. The waves were smaller and crashed further out (but there was still a rock thing on the left side). Molly and I think Lauren went over into some kind of a "jail" and/or spectator box over where the water and that rock thing met (about halfway out). Maybe the rock thing is called a jetty? I forget. So yea they're just watching me basically. I swim out and go straight into a wave facing it and it owns me and pushes me back towards the shore. My body is rigid like a plank and I do very rigid backflips with my head and feet hitting the ground each time I turn over (the wave's washing maching doing the pushing/spinning ofc). Doesn't hurt, but Molly and Lauren get a good kick out of it. I stand back up on the sand and head back out. I swim near and passed their spectator booth thing and find a "trap door" through the rocks/ocean their and it leads into some weird hotel-esq environment. Not sure if it was a hotel or restaurant or both. I look around momentarily down there but then try to climb the stairs back up and out so I can ride some more waves.


2) I've read about people going from "awake -> lucid", but I always thought those people were full of shit. I finally had my first one. I was definitely awake in the early morning after some decent amount of sleep. I somehow just "felt it"; idk if I "felt the power to choose to lucid dream" or what, but it came upon me and I let it happen (MAYBE I willed it, I'm unsure). The transition was pretty much instantaneous, and the lucid dream "felt" different than the "sleep -> lucid" kind. I've written about a kind of "taste" in a lot of my lucid dreams. That taste was absent. But also just the general feeling of my body was different, I guess maybe less 'artificial pleasure'.... but I'm not saying it wasn't still enjoyable as fuck. One way to describe it was that it was purely mental and not at all physical. In fact I think I might have been able to still "feel" myself laying in bed, but maybe I'm getting that mixed up with a different dream. Another way to describe it just an extremely vivid CEV. But it was so vivid that I'd say it fell under the "dream" category. There's obviously some crossover between the two that up until this very moment I'd never even thought about (or maybe I have, idfk). Well so anyways onto the dream: was just a little tiny seahore-esq creature under water and it was just chillen there and there were two streams of tiny bubbles coming out of it. One from it's mouth and one from the tip of it's tail (or maybe it's ass (or maybe that's where the seahore's ass is located? what do I know?)). Nothing too elaborate I know, but I saw it and thought of myself as it :).


3) Felt angry and had a pretty minimal argument and stuff but fuck I forgot the argument but still remember the gist of it: "blah blah my brain my right to copy blah blah I'll fucking kill you if you try to stop me", towards the president of course. Even in the dream I was so cautious with my wording I know I thought of it (in the dream) but I guess didn't know it was a dream so I was afraid to say it out loud. The actual argument/sentence was much more sound in the dream (and I did remember it when I woke up, but this was a bit ago unfortunately and I forget). Got me thinking (both in the dream and while awake) that maybe I SHOULD stop being a fucking pussy and should declare some sort of ultimatum. I really don't know. I mean it's obvious what would happen if I worded it improperly: they throw me in prison for the rest of my life. But I keep thinking of the much better world that might come of it if I word it properly and it works. Am I obligated to try? Probably not. But then, I'm not obligated to do anything...