Had a whole bunch of dreams last night.

Had a dream that I had loaded my shotgun and waited for an intruder to come in. It seemed entirely realistic. I stood over by our back patio door and was shaking as I looked towards our front door/garage. No intruder came in but I remember feeling myself shaking and taking a moment... as much time as I needed... to forcibly calm myself. To stop the shaking. I meditated and closed my eyes while standing there and focused only on the shaking and tried to make it go away. It didn't. I never knew until way later (after waking up, actually) that it was just a dream.

Had another that involved play fighting and me wanting to box an old friend Rocky (lol just made the connection to that movie while writing this). I remember saying in the dream that he is comparable in size to me and so would make a good challenge. I was worried I would lose since he is a bit bigger than me but actually was ok with that I think.

The last was the best, and included a bit of lucidity. Was wandering around an amusement park type thing or perhaps it was a school ground, I can't remember which. I remember doing various ninja physics tricks like the one I am about to describe. I can't remember the earlier ones but I do know they were there. So I like ran ahead of my classmates (elementary school?) and was like "watch this" and ran up to a wooden arched bridge thing that was maybe 10 feet long and kinda like something you'd see in a Japanese dojo area place. It was pretty rounded and I used it as a.... thingo.... to jump off of. I jumped straight up into the air off of the top of the wooden bridge after sprinting straight towards it and I was propelled like 200-300ft in the air. I remember like turning back around looking downward as I had a sort of Dragonball Z ability to control my movements mid-air. A vine thing appeared from a big tree/bush down near the bridge (to the left of it as I was sprinting towards it, but they are both more or less now in front of me as I turned back (I veered a bit to the left intentionally during the jump)) and I grabbed onto a single vine/rope and started pulling my way back down. I did it in a manner that made me like "swing" sideways. Also to the left of the bridge (and the bush) was a pool... pond... body of water... thing. I was going to like swing while coming downwards around said pool multiple times I guess. Like a rock on the end of a string that you are swinging around in circles. Perpetual motion? Oh shit did I use the wrong word a few docs back when trying to describe the infinite energy thingo? Fuckit back to the dream: I do recall fearing for my life a bit as I pulled my way back down to earth. It was right around then that I also became pretty sure it was a dream (though the next few sentences are "in between" knowing it was a dream and not). I tucked my head down towards my body and like closed my eyes as I was "climbing" the vine downward. The part about spinning around the pool became irrelevant at this point... I guess because I had my eyes closed? I remember FEELING the vine in my hand as I climbed. It felt very real (best sentence ever (LOL "very")). I wondered if I kept climbing if my hands would hit a thorn or perhaps an animal that would bite me. During that consideration is when I finalized my analysis as to whether or not it was a dream. After realizing it was a dream I concluded that climbing down the vine would not result in thorns/animals because my dream wouldn't do that... or I guess maybe if it did, it wouldn't matter anyways.

I then remembered something I told myself during my waking hours: to look at myself in the mirror and more specifically, my eyes. I immediately teleported from climbing down the vine to be in front of a mirror. I looked into the mirror and saw nothing but infinite mirrors. It was just like when you look in two mirrors facing each other... BUT WITHOUT MY BODY. As I am writing this now, I do recall hearing people say that looking into a mirror is a good test to see if you're dreaming or not. If you are dreaming you don't see yourself. BUT I don't ever remember anything about seeing "infinite mirrors" with yourself missing. It was trippy and I think that describes in a very artistic way what life is. Moar description: the mirrors did not line up "perfectly", as we all try to do to see the "furthest". The vanishing point (wrong usage?) came from the bottom of the mirror and it was "wobbly" as I tried to bring it up to the center so I could see infinitely or whatever. But I never did get it to be perfectly in the middle. I would like to try again to get it in the middle if I have the opportunity.

I also didn't like that I instantly appeared in front of the mirror. I thought maybe that was why I didn't see myself. I wanted to try again (still lucid dreaming woot) but with myself walking up to the mirror from the side. Preferably with an actual environment around the mirror and not just the mirror only in a black void like the other one. So I envisioned my bathroom and the mirror within it.... but this presented it's own problems. Since I was lucid dreaming and I knew I was lucid dreaming (OH SHIT JUST GOT ANOTHER BADASS IDEA WILL WRITE ABOUT IT IN A SEC), I felt too "close" to my actual sleeping self and so was having trouble... errr... differentiating(?)... the two forms of myself. It basically brought me back to my "laying in bed knowing I am asleep and lucid dreaming... self" (I don't think I've ever written it before, but I often can toggle between that and the lucid dreaming... though I like to stay in the lucid dreaming half of my consciousness because if I stay in the "laying in bed lucid dreaming" (I can usually only feel my EYES (closed) -- very weird), I tend to wake up. Trying to go to my bathroom mirror that is like 10 feet from myself sleeping made the two forms merge I guess. I wanted to try again at a completely different mirror... but I couldn't think of any... or maybe it was just that I was now stuck in my actual body "laying in bed lucid dreaming". To prove to myself that I was definitely just lucid dreaming, and I guess to verify "control", I opened my eye lids (the only things I could feel) and woke up on demand.

The cool idea I had just a sec ago was to try to walk into my room during a lucid dream and to look at myself sleeping. It probably won't work for the same reason that my trying to look in a mirror so close to my sleeping body didn't work. BUT HEY, I think with mental training that it's probably possible to get passed both of those problems (or are they they same I guess). I'll try some now: It's basically tough to understand and accept that my conscious does in fact take on TWO forms simultaneously. It is easier to "go with" when my lucid dreaming body is far off and away in some other environment... but when I try to bring them close to one another (I have never "tried" to (even this time was... accidental)), my brain farts on logic and is all like "lol wut?". Sure that makes sense but I don't know if merely thinking/writing/understanding it is enough to defeat it. Maybe it was just the "first time" that was so confusing and now that I've had time to process it the second time will be easy.

a) look at a mirror further away
b) try to line up the infinite mirrors (if i am not in them (otherwise my fat face would get in teh way :-P))
c) try to look at myself sleeping in bed having the lucid dream (INFINITE RECURSION OR SOMETHING!?!?!? (maybe not infinite recursion though because it's not like I'd be able to see into the brain/dream of the body laying there on the bed... idfk...))


Shit was ridiculously fun in any case... and today after waking up and reflecting on it I came up with this (I'm always searching for that "perfect metaphor/analogy" for life): Life is like a lucid dream that you have to realize it is a lucid dream and take control of before you wake up. There is no guarantee or requirement that you will realize it and take control before you wake up (die)... but you need to in order to have "free will".

I can't remember whether lucid means "seems completely realistic" or "realistic and can control". When I say it I tend to mean "can control".