mark antony beach and beachhouse/bar

had a dream maybe sometime last week idfk where i was on a beach and there was a girl who was a girl that i wanted to love etc... or thought i loved (or perhaps... just loved. since it was a dream i am allowed to skip the 'getting to know' stuff. it happened in the past in the dream?). whatever. there were a lot of us on the beach and like i finally was able to "let go" a little bit (same as me post-launch etc) and we did like a run/dance thing along the shore to some daft punk song. when i woke up i tried to find it and i'm not sure which it was. i think either derefelukt (#1 on homework) and/or da funk (or even the combo on alive 2007!). we were repeatedly singing some part of it, which leads me to believe it's the inaudible lyrics in derefelukt. "step on back come in come on" (or SOMETHING. i "knew" exactly what they were in the dream but have no idea while awake listening now etc). so yea i mean that was really fun running along the shoreline and all the people followed and mimic'd me. it was me "leading" a... group of people... which in my pre-launch days is ridiculously rare (at least while singing/dancing/etc! i lead people all the time in boring non-party activities! in a sense i was an alpha for like 30 seconds while running along the shore). as we past that girl that i loved, she joined in and followed. btw i should note that she was nameless. didn't represent anyone i knew in real life.

she was either on her cell phone texting before the run or after the run, or both. but she was definitely distracted-by/on it when i was trying to... talk to her... to get closer to her etc. she was disinterested and it seemed as if she was already with someone: the person she was texting. i thought that my demonstration of alpha-male'ness would have swayed her, but i guess not. especially since i was back to my awkard fucking self after the run and while talking to her. blah.


so we went up a cliff/hill thing and into either a beachhouse or a bar, not sure which tbh but there were multiple rooms so it resembled more of a beachhouse. still i kinda remember a bar. i remember mark antony (the actor from the rome hbo series) being there and overall sensing that he and all the other people in the building were like... conspiring subtlely... to... 'get rid of me'. it was the political sense, so it might have involved assassination or maybe just defamation. still i felt scared a bit, even though i knew nothing would happen that day/night. it was a longer-term fear. the way people looked at me and interacted with me was what gave it away. obviously mark antony had no difficulties showing me how he felt (with his body language). it was because i was the... oddball of the group (just like reality fuck yea). i didn't fit in amongst them and they and i knew it.

so anyways while trying to prove my alpha-male'ness again mark antony and i started playfully fucking about. it wasn't a full on fight but it was a drunk wrestle dance (except with no dancing. the dancing is just to imply that we never once were on the floor. hell i don't even think we even touched each other at all. very hard to explain this and it's blurry as shit anyways). we were going back and forth somehow and we ended up just the two of us in a room away from the bar area and everyone else. with the door closed so we had some privacy. he got out a tiny white little gun/tazer thing (that in retrospect doesn't resemble anything in real life). it shot out a tiny visible laser and whatever it hit got a mild (i've been tazed before so this was very mild by comparison) shock. he started shooting me with it all around my body just... basically to be a dick... lol... and i was just like "oww what the fuck oww oww oww", you know? i charged him and wrestled the gun out of his hands. he may or may not have practically let me have it because we were ESSENTIALLY just playing (if he wanted me dead i'd already be dead). maybe he respected the fact that i charged him and attempted to take it instead of cowering and submitting, so he let me have it? so yea i did the same thing back to him for a little bit and then we started talking and our manliness-ego-game turned into a "let's see how much we can handle" type thing. he, drunkingly, permitted me to shoot the gun/lazer directly into his eyeball. he held his eyelids with both hands. one holding the bottom one down and the other holding the top one up. i shot him right there and he took it like a man. it was one of those "do it before i lose my courage" type things, it all happened very fast. drunk courage definitely factored in. so next i was up (implicitly), and i held my eye in the same manner. he shot my eye as well, and i did feel the taze in the dream (felt real etc) and.... while i knew i COULD HAVE held my eye right there a bit longer, i slowly drifted my head to the side so the lazer wasn't going directly into my pupil(?) for too long. i didn't take it like a man like he did, but slowly bitched out. i mean yea i still let him shoot me in the eye, but i didn't remain perfectly still like he did when i did it to him. that's essentially the dream i don't remember anything else