Dream:
Marylin Monroe's Chin
Someone imprisoned for something, by Gene Wilder (related to above?)
COs are tiny inside/low flying helicopters... get close to their blades hitting walls


A film, and perhaps an accidentally/erroneously delivered film, which I think Hawkeye has actually referred to on M.A.S.H as "Marylin Monroe's Chin" -- or maybe only [someone?] referred to it as that in my dream. Unsure tbh, and the content of the video was more like that ice skating film that potter enjoyed. It was only a few seconds long. The focus  started on marylin, who was ice skating,'s chin. She was skating toward the camera on one leg and her body was arched toward you, so that her head was pointing toward you and her other leg was pointing back. She might have had a slight curve (not DEAD ON with camera) already, but through the duration of the short film she turned while skating and the focus of the film would go down her body as she turned to reveal more of it. The focus point went down her body and leg, I guess you could say (though front or back idfk). She did a "ice skating spinny move" (but not airborn) and as she did so, the focus point was on her messy (as opposed to coin slot) vagina and remained on it as she spun. It was beautifully chaotic and I guess you could say resembled the start of the universe.


A different part of the same dream (I want the above to stand on it's own because it is fucking awesome (for lack of better words)) was that the person who delivered said film (since it was erroneous?) got thrown into a prison by Gene Wilder. Gene did it so casually too. Would you come with me, oh while you're at it would you put these handcuffs on? Only then did he tell you what was what: and actually he knew very little too and was just following orders. Perhaps the imprisonment instructor was the would be recipient of the film? The dream did get more into this but I forget it all.


Again, different yet same part of the dream was where "my"/our (??) (Potter) CO got involved to try to get his man free. He was not a human but a small ish inside and low flying helicopter! I think there were other COs too that were also helicopters. You had to be careful when approaching one to talk to one. You had to keep your head down so as to not get it chopped off (not hard to interpret what my subconscious is saying here :-P). I stood semi-near one and watched just how close his blades got to the walls as he maneuvered. I think I even experienced either being one or being on one and I think I was supposed to, or was just analyzing, the steering of a helicopter just a few feet forward and a tad to the right... it's parking spot. The blades would come within inches of the walls (it was in a corner) at that "parking spot". I am unsure whether or not I did the maneuver, could have done the maneuver (or was just watching), etc etc.