last night's dream was a little trippy
didn't make much sense

went to mcdonalds down an escelator in a mall type thing
asked front counter if the McRib was in season
she said no, and as a token of apology offered me a free <????> (i wanna say smoothie but i think it transformed into french fries by the time they got there???)
then some black lady behind me in line offered to pay for my meal (i know, doesn't make any sense)
somehow, something i said got us into a more in-depth discussion about "okay, do you want me to buy it and do you want to come sit and eat it with me?" ... (as opposed to just me getting it and going on my own way)
i accepted hesitantly, which she read, and said: "if you don't want to do it then you shouldn't have said yes" (or something along those lines)
to which i replied, i was just trying to be nice (something... lines...)

the thoughts that were going through my head as i was looking at her were a bit different
at first, the thought of a woman voice just made me want to have sex with her
that was the reason i accepted her invite to eat with her

i guess as i was in the middle of accepting, i remember having like tunnel vision around her head/face (in 3 warpy/bubbly stages) and realizing "oh, she's a nun", which i guess is what made me turn it into hesitation??? idk about the timing of all this it was so fucking weird

anyways, i don't know how we parted ways or whatever happened but as i was walking back up the stairs/escelator from mcdonalds (fries in hand?? or maybe empty-handed idfk), some guy is passing me as i'm near the top and says "hey will yo take this and throw it away for me"
a complete stranger, i ignore him altogther and keep on walking. maybe a quick "no"... idk


the trash can is only like 3-5 steps down towards mcdonalds, so he throws his shit away and quickly catches back up right next to me

i don't know how we started talking but eventually i said "i think i recogize you", which he replied something like "oh god please don't say it" or "oh, no!" or something
i asked if his name was Noah, from my junior high. he said no

and then it hit me, it was Frodo fucking Baggins

"oh shit you're frodo!!"
he sighed or something
idk

we walked out of the mall lightly conversing and we parted our ways, i said "see you later man" and wondered if i ever saw him and again and reminded him of the encounter if he'd remember me again








i think i've deciphered it's meaning: people aren't always who you first think they are. on first glance, not nearly enough information is learned (even about their outward physical appearance) to accurately judge (terrible word. observe is better?) them

maybe i observe/judge too quickly and my subconscious is trying to tell me??
idfk, was fun/trippy either way..