had a dream the night before last where molly hughes and i moved in together. we fucked on the first date. that is, i used my 'nice guy charm' to seduce her into it. as we were fucking, we heard someone walking in. we both had god knowledge and knew it was her father. she somehow got dressed instantly and stood in the doorway to greet him. i peeked around the corner and am pretty sure her mom (first appearance... in other room talking to her dad or something.. they were both walking in? idfk) got a glimpse of me naked. i darted after that glance and went up the stairs that were over to the right (with me facing the door. hard to describe this room) tip-toe'ing so as not to be heard and then went left after going upstairs and over to a bathroom that is now up-and-left of the door in which i was peeking out of. there was a balcony on 2nd floor. i closed the door slowly and looked out of it as i did. her mom was walked in by this point and we made eye contact and i said "hello miss hughes.... err sorry, mrs." and she said high and then the door was closed all the way. i was in a rectangular'ish bathroom type thing. this room transforms later on (fuck yea dreams). anyways, the mom and dad left the room and then i went out onto the balcony right in front of the bathroom door and sat on my ass with my knees pulled up to my chest. felt ashamed or something (can't remember exactly what). i was sitting where a piece of railing blocked me from sight if they were to walk in the downstairs door again. there was like a triangular out- [thing] on the balcony... towards the far left wall. and i positioned myself right in that triangular 'hiding space' (not hidden if you're on 2nd floor). sat there for a while and molly came up and we started talking about idfk what. we then went into the rectangular bathroom and started messing around again. she sucked my dick and man it felt great (fuck yea dreams). i remember her mouth being extended outwards and circular as she took my cock deep. hard to explain that image. like a cone shape lip thing around my cock. yea so anyways after a little bit of this, her dad walked in the bathroom and caught us. i still panicked ish and then sat with my back against the wall that was.. eh... towards the door in which they walk in on the first floor (not to be confused with the door to the bathroom, which is now to my left). oh at some point around this time (perhaps before the blowjob?) i said "i didn't know your parents would be living here too". but yea her dad came in pissed and started talking to us yada yada idfk. it was definitely an std fear dream. he at some point threatened my children (even though i didn't/don't have any), saying if anything happened to his daughter that he'd rip both of their eyes out (2 kids). it was at that moment that i (and i even thought about this in the 3rd person, just how i am describing it now) made a note that if i ever did test positive for anything, i'd have to kill him. he wouldn't even see it coming. i didn't say that of course, just continued to sit there and talk and assure him that i don't have any STDs. which is true... as of right this very moment (not-in-my-dream), i have not tested positive for anything. so idk after that talk the room transformed and the wall opposite to which i was sitting became the outside world and molly and i walked around and got a burrito or something? and her brother was there too but i forget what. it was like a park and an outside burrito stall. fuckin weird. i also felt like that burrito scene had happened before in real life... but now that i think about it... i don't recall it ever happening. eh that's pretty much it aside from running around outside and losing/finding molly again (i forget why). also, the very next day she posted a picture of her on facebook (really, she did) with red glasses on #faded and sticking her tongue out. i jacked off to that picture because it reminded me of the face she made my dream. the oval lips thing. except her lips were extended outwards more (wrapped around my cock). was very weird, especially the timing.