Had a very weird and scary trip just a little ago. Head Rush 20x that I _poured_ into the bong downstem instead of pinching. I think the pouring made "shake"/chems go into the downstem in higher quantities or something; that trip was fucking nuts. Basically I was in a world where there was an array/grid of what can only be described as like clothespin loops. Out of the ground came something (no idea what it was made of) and that same something then dove back into the ground a few inches (a foot max) away. The gap was squeezed so it formed a really stretched out oval coming out of the ground. It was not erect, but lay on the ground next to where it came up. These droopy stretched out half circles were everywhere. They were as far as the eye could see, and only one (the one in the center) was lit up orange. The rest were black (supposed to be orange but 'drained' / empty / whatever). It reminded me of the matrix, even in the trip. I was that orange loop thing. They I think also/instead (idk) represented my circuitry in my brain. I knew I was high but I felt like I had lost control of my body. I felt dead. I deduced that someone killed me when I wasn't looking. I genuinely believed this and even felt sad. The orange light appeared to dim. I was terrified that I'd never be waking up from this "view" but also refused to give up hope. I would do my usual tests of feeling my body in front of me. It was weird because they worked. I could feel my eyes and I could feel my heartbeat and I could hear/feel my breathing... but I couldn't see ANYTHING. What I told myself it was was just muscle memory. I told myself I wasn't actually touching my eyes and lips and mah bod mah bod (song), but that my brain had memorized the feeling of me doing so and was simply creating it. I could see a piece of "flesh" that was my brain and it would 'respond' (not by lighting up, but the idea is similar) each time my fingers 'felt my eyes'. I could touch my entire front body but could not see it, and each place I touched a different piece of "flesh" responded. I genuinely thought I was dead. I thought maybe while I was tripping balls someone came and shot me in the back of the head. I figured I didn't even see it coming. THIS COULD EVEN BE WHAT ACTUAL DEATH IS LIKE (there is no knowing).

I even flaled and screamed at one point, but it appeared as though NOTHING HAPPENED (I hope nothing happened too, because my parents are in the other room lmfao). I had a flashback from within the world that I completely went apeshit IRL and ripped off all my clothes and ran around outside and there was like fires and death everywhere and then I found mine (death). I wasn't too convinced by that flashback however because I tried to think of myself actually doing it and couldn't. Still, the imagery blurred between the "loop" circuit world and that assphalt outside burning world (idk why there were fires everywhere, it should be the other way around).

I couldn't feel a damn thing. That's not a good way to word it actually. I could think and I could feel, but I had lost contact with my body. I was in a void and it was as if my controller (brain) had nothing to control (body). I could flale my arms wildly (and I did!) but it didn't actually feel like my arms were moving at all. It didn't feel like I had arms, but I could still notice that my mind was telling my arms to move. Hard to explain. I could tell my legs to run and it felt like they were running, but the view never changed from that lit up orange drooped loop laying there on the ground.

Everything started getting dark and I was thinking "oh shit, here it comes" but I still managed to keep my cool somehow and even regulated my breathing and felt my heartbeat. I clung to the hope that as long as I kept breathing and could feel my heart, maybe some doctor would have a chance at reviving me! I placed my faith entirely in 2013 medicine (had no choice). My orange droopy loop was dimming during the part where everything was getting dark, but I managed to keep it shining and it even appeared to pulsate mildly as I breathed.

It lasted pretty long and I mean was scary as fuck. I slowly came to and found out I was simply standing in my room by my door. The orange thing in my view was my surround sound system on the floor (2 lights somehow joined in the trip). I was baffled that my body ignored my run commands and that I was still standing there. I was also surprised that I didn't hit anything or knock anything over while flaling my arms WILDLY (every direction -- fear of death etc etc). I even remember a time during the trip where I convinced myself that I was in fact tripping and that I was standing in that same spot (I guess I forgot it later? Or idk because idk order of events). During those few seconds where I knew I was standing there I also remember flaling my arms and/or reaching out to touch something (anything), but there was nothing. Did my body shut off my arms and legs? How was I still standing without leaning against anything (guess my ear shit worked fine)??? So fucking weird. Right as I came to I did the same test of reaching out my arms and felt the comfortable door to my right :).

During the trip logic managed to "win" (or so it seemed). I clung to the "infinite multiverse theory" and managed to will all my worst thoughts away. It somehow worked because I set up like a safe zone in my mind (it was all logically "sound" (tbd irl tbh)) and just watched infinite other versions of myself die. At first it seemed I only had ~5 (percent?) of them staying alive but then I quickly deduced that 5 is equal to infinity, on the scale of infinity (a thing that emerges 5 times, also emerges infinite times (or something)). That safe room was formed just before I started to come to, so it even kind of seemed as though I was walking away from the place at which I was shot in the head. I was so casual about it and knew I didn't need to rush.