had a dream the night before last where we were in a thing in the sky

i was with my mom or some other family member and we saw like an advertisement to go to some ski resort or something? i don't remember the particular advertisement

when we got there it was like an... obstacle course... with like black nets and padded jumping things
and like a race course inside of it to challenge opponents
the whole thing makes you kinda claustrophobic tbh

there was a slide down out of the arena down to a campsite and a lodge type area
i remember there being a log cabin (the 'front desk' of sorts) and small ass tents in the grassy area ('behind' the log cabin, though i don't recall anything being in front of it. a street would make sense)


so yea the place was a flashback to my childhood
both in the dream and it seemed so real
to this moment i am unsure if it was real
i think it was related to a church camp and/or boyscout camp thing i went to?

i still have no idea if it's real or fake (obviously the flying in the sky part is fake)


i don't know if this following has to do with my 2nd/adult trip or the 1st/childhood trip:
we were fed chicken and basically the whole thing was a giant fucking scam
the chicken we were fed made us all sick and the people running the place didn't care
it was like... inhumane... i guess you could say

the people running it were minimizing costs while maximizing profits (sound familiar? this dream might be a metaphor for all of life i am unsure)


i remember thinking: how did i/we fall for this trap... AGAIN?

and also wondering how they were even still in business?

i crawled through the race course a lot slower than i ran full/100% speed through it as a child
i remember thinking: i should be stronger (faster) now that i'm older


i remember seeing one of my boyscout friends (err, peers... they all hated me <3) as like the "icon" or "poster boy" or whatever the fuck it's called. his name is/was johnny, but idk his last. he is a real person (leads me to believe the place in the dream is based on an actual place


i want to say that this time now that i was older i busted out or fucking called them out, but i don't remember anything towards the end of the dream. perhaps it ended before that