had a fuckin weird dream last night where i was riding in the back of a truck that i think my dad and bro were in the cabin of (i was in the bed) and we drove a ways to meet like a black dude and his son. i was wearing a pair of black sunglasses and they were like selling (but in the form of a trade) some orange-ish (not bright orange but like... silver orange) and smaller sunglasses. the glasses i was wearing weren't THAT large (not like butterfly shit) but they like covered my eyebrows a little more, whereas the orange ones had like less height to them and just covered my eyes (they were still "regular" size though.... the black ones were just large(ER)). anyways i didn't trade them because i didn't give a shit. i think that's what i said too but idfk.



so then we drove off to some like rocket testing location where some scientists and shit were testing rocket failsafe mechanisms. specifically, they were testing the parachute and/or BOUCY INFLATABLE LANDING PAD shit for when it doesn't go all the way up... or something?

they did multiple tests and each time had a different mechanism. the bouncy inflatable landing pad shit was like a balloon or airbag that was like red and yellow and other colors and shit (like a hot air balloon in pictures n shit (but just the coloring)) and meh it was at the center of gravity or whatever that shit's called so the rocket would land on it when hitting the ground.

they did like a few tests. coulda been anywhere from 3 to 10, idfk.


anyways, later on i snuck on. might have been with others but i forget. i snuck on and activated teh rocket... which was now a fucking time machine yeeeeeee.

so i went back in time to i think what was the 70s??? i was at some party and there was some guy that was like all up on some girl and like she didn't want any of it or something and he walked away and then came back but by then i had talked to her and gotten to know her and he was pissed that i stole his chick or something? this part is really blurry but somehow i remember like kissing her (cool note: i remember feeling the kiss and i enjoyed it), but it wasn't a regular kiss. i like stuck my tongue out and closed my eyes to allow her to do it only if she wanted to (random note: this is similar to how i'm allowing kaylee to approach me if she chooses (not sure that's relevant, just thought of it)). she did and yea it was nice. i remember thinking that i changed the course of the future because she probably wouldn't be with that guy and also i may have given her STDs? lmfao. i remember thinking like i'd come back to the present and everyone would have herpes or something? ANYWAYS i never did make it back to the present the dream just kept getting trippier and trippier. i actually remember the following with a lot less detail than this 70s party.


so eh we.. me and this girl... travelled back in time further and further into the 1900s. we did it multiple times and each time we did i think she forgot who i was?

i remember one of the scenes was a snow/skiing scene. there was some shit going on but fuuuuuck i can't remember what. this is worthless.

i like
err
i don't even know
it was like how most movies about time travel are

the people just keep trying to go further and further back to fix shit up and it all ends up being a huge fucking mess
that pretty much sums it up. went back in time like 5 more times after the 70s party and probably ended up somewhere right around the 1910s
i don't even remember what the time travel vessel was. i don't remember seeing the rocket any of the times except in the 'present'. shit was fucking trippy i don't remember any more