Had a dream that I recall being partially lucid, but which part that even was is a little fuzzy. I'm tempted-to-say/pretty-sure it was while I was parachuting and I was just eh gliding and shit and I had to pull up and stay away from the ground in order to stay dreaming/lucid/etc (semi-OT: sky diving makes a very simple analogy to life itself (freeze yourself = pull parachute rip cord)). Before or around (?) this time event, pretty sure before, there was a time where me and another guy were on/near a foresty mountainside. Back to that in a sec but another flash of the dream was me falling really really fast and pulling parachute and the darn thing opened so slowly and I was getting oh so close to the ground and idk if I even made it. Made me think about what HALO means: what alt for open etc? If I did make it, it was within a few hundred feet =o. Back to mountain: so err he had a different/fake parachute that was like 100 feet of rope and a really tiny parachute attached at the other end, almost like a kite (but 2 strings and he is harnessed to it). He could still glide/fly with it, but it wasn't as stable as mine (regular parachute (those rectangle ones for stearing)). I at one point landed on the top-ish of a foresty part of the mountain that was so thick that I was standing on top of the tree tops (just helped/saw caydon playing Sonic Adventure DC and on that there's a part you can stand on top of forest trees similarly :-P). Was so thick you couldn't even see the ground, and I wondered if beneath the layer underneath my feet there was an opening and you whether could even walk around down there. The other guy with his long parachute would touch down and jump off of the same side of the hill (though not at the 'top' of it like I was (there was still higher behind me methinks, but I was at the top of _A_ hill/mountain-side)) over and over and I was kinda watching him and eventually I decided I'd either have to run and jump off the 'top'/side and glide down to the bottom, or I'd have to go down beneath the forest treetop-floor and eh walk around/down n shit. I obviously decided to run and jump off and I kinda had that "ok go all the way don't half ass it" (falling back into the mountainside etc), and I think during that glide (after the jump) is when I became lucid.