Dreams:
1) restaurant
2) navy aircraft


1) This is blurry as fuck but something about a restaurant at the top of a gondola and it was a hotel and the likes too. It's own upscale community. I think I was a staff member but I may have just had godlike view of everything including staff. It's too blurry to even write more, but there was evil growing from within it. It being distanced geographically (the top of a mountain) was mainly the cause (people are stupid like that). Something about a waiter (me?) fucking up somehow and getting punished via death? I dunno lol but I recall towards the end looking at a receipt and concluding that the unidentifiable character (who is absent from all "giving" and "receiving" of "orders" (commands, not food requests)) signing his/her name at the bottom was the person to blame. But I think that when I realized that it was too late and I was already dying...


2) A very small navy ship, which I guess magically grows later in the dream since damn we took off in a jet from it. Toward the beginning it was like a 5-10 man ship. I remember driving it and taking turns driving it with others, and I think I might have failed my job and idk how I did but yea my driving permissions were revoked (true story: when I was a kid I crashed Matt's boat in Newport harbor because I was fiddling with the radio (and yea Matt rightfully revoked my driving permissions rofl)). Idk but the dream is more vivid later: 3 of us were in a jet flying around (took off from boat) and somehow we got shot down or actually I think the commander (of both the ship and the plane) crashed us into trees. I remember needing to "pull up" (well, he was flying) all-of-the-sudden and even though we made it up and over the first tree, we had to do it AGAIN and I think we crashed into the second tree (tall as FUCK trees) that we tried to pull up over. So err we eject... at least I know me and the other passenger did. What happened to the commander? Idk maybe down with the ship type shit who knows. So err me and this other guy like fall through some tree branches a bit and it's like we're deciding if we should open our parachutes or if we should fall clear of the branches first or if we should try to grab onto the branches. I think I decided to grab onto branches but not too much so as to pull me in towards the center of the tree because that's a bad spot to open parachute so err yea after falling through some branches I/we open our parachutes (he's below me at this point). My parachute didn't open all the way and even though I'm slowed down, I pass up my friend and he yells something to me that I can't remember. I'm still going fast enough to die. I think I experienced this part of the dream twice. OR I had another part of a dream (mb restaurant part) where I fell to my death. NO WAIT it was a different dream altogether:


just-remembered) Err me and... some girl.. ifdk who... were on a small ass plane like a glider with an engine. I had a parachute in a yellow briefcase that I was holding. Our engine went out (maybe we were flying away from the restaurant and in (1) and the engine was rigged?) and we start plummetting to the water below (high enough to kill us). I debated whether to try to fix the plane or to jump off and use the parachute. I didn't think I could save her as well with the parachute, so I guess I decided to stay on the plane and try to fix it somehow (idk what the plan was here lol ("PULL UP AS HARD AS YOU CAN XD"). Within less than a minute... idk maybe 15 seconds... we crash into the water and die. I was still dreaming but everything was black... and I thought it a very realistic death sequence. The speediness of it all... so little time to do anything. I concluded after the fact that yea I should have just used the parachute. I should have put the parachute on regardless of probably not being able to save the girl. I should have told her to hang onto me from the front (even though her grip would probably slip). I worried though (even when making the intial decision) that she'd try to fight me and take the parachute from me (and that because of the wasted time, neither of us would get it on (this factored into my deciding to stay with the plane)). Was so fast and our deaths usually are :-/...


resuming-2) So err I remain pretty fucking calm... idk I just remember being calm (panic usually doesn't help) and I looked up and pulled one of those tiny white strings (of which there are twenty) out and away from 'center' so that the parachute would open fully.... and well that was it, it opened just in time and I landed and lived. I don't remember seeing my other parachuting friend from here on but he probably lived too. We either got rolled up on by, or walked over to, an adjacent land based unit. After explaining our situation we were taken in as friendlies. I recall one of their members complaining about the boring'ness of being on land... and thinking about how cool it was to be on a boat with motherfucking jet access. So err idk some other shit happened but I forget. Later, and idk how but I had a bird's eye view (maybe a tower, maybe godlike perspective): I watched an "enemy" climbing over some hills towards our base. Just one guy and either I or someone else spotted him out and one of our own team snuck up behind him and slit his neck. Later we were analyzing his body and were able to determine that he was either insane or retarded. He was carrying just stupid fucking tools/weapons. Maybe like a coffee pot and a flag, idfk (just watched battle royale 1 [again] a few days ago). I remember saying "poor guy" and some other guy agreed: "yea, poor guy".