Dreams:
1) JavaScript, lexi
2) Pool and slide and dick and balls. That one girl from high school...


1) Very blurry but I was a JavaScript.... errr... idk the word for it in js... but like "event filter"... and I was standing up on a wall watching myself fumble about with some logic (the logic that I just defeated 5 mins ago by using expando properties xD)... and some boat drove up and it was like a "bitcoin request" and I was all like "nah bro we ain't ready for dat shit yet" (so I saw it as like an attempt to steal money from me) or some such and then I fucking killed it/them. My dreams are fucking weird. Oh and the boat ended up being lexi scratching at my door and I was still kinda half in the dream as I went and opened the door for her (luckily, I didn't curb stomp her).


2) Was at some kind of pool area and there were tunnels and slides but that was more towards the beginning and I remember seeing my 2nd cousin thing who lives in Washington in the tunnels but I didn't say anything to her because idk I wanted her to say something to me first I guess and I did that whole pretend like you don't see her bullshit of looking downward while walking that I do so often. Anyways later it was more like a regular rectangular olympic sized pool and there were lots of familiar people and I think even a lifeguard who was also a cop? I remember seeing Aerial and Melissa there and I wanted to ask them WHEN (not if ;-P) we'd have a threesome... but I don't think I ever got around to asking. Went around the pool hitting on various girls and one of them ended up being jailbait. She was the girl in my high school sign language class who fucking told on me when I said "wanna fuck?" (pretty sure I was joking but don't remember (and even if I was joking, I'd still have done it ;-P)) and is pretty much my first-ISH restraining order (not through law, but as a school rule). But then later (and this actually happened irl) I think she started to like me too and in the dream well yea she definitely did and was jailbait like I said. There was some nonsense about someone else threatening to tell on me and me telling her to lie to me about her age so I'd be in the clear but I said it all ambuguiously etc and man it's really fucking blurry but yea. I woke up and beat off to the thought of fucking her in the ass as she has her ankles tied to her back and her hands too (like a ball), and also of course her throat. But she was into it. Going back a bit back into the dream, there was a scene where I looked at my dick and it had a slice going down the underside of it all the way to my balls. There was flaps inside the slice as well and it looked painful (and indeed I felt the sting of it). My balls were also kind of cut open, but in a different way. They reminded me of some kind of plant that opens and closes it's mouth. There's some movie I've seen this in and it was identical. KIND OF like mario except only green and no other color. My balls weren't green, but each side sort of "folded in" as the "mouth closed" in the same way that such green random plants (tempted to say venus fly trap, but nahhh was a bit different) do/did(in-the-movie). The girl did want to use the ambiguity I gave her and she was asked a question that she simply didn't answer after that. I either wanted to, or did, ask her "when's your 18th birthday cutie?". I knew it would (or it did) piss off those tattle-tales, but I HAVE THE RIGHT TO KNOW [so as not to break the law]. Or maybe that was the setup for her to lie to me, idfk.