Dreams:
1) Dance, Helicopter
2) Airplane
3) Police

I was in a rectangularly long room, like an apartment, and was dancing with others. I think my brother was there too. It felt real so it kinda qualifies as my first time dancing publically. They kinda laughed at the way I danced, but I was mentally prepared for it so I didn't stop. After a bit I did stop and walked over to a corner (kitchen? bathroom? idfk) and then walked back to the middle but noticed everybody was over in the opposite corner now doing some shit (vidya?). I went over there and eventually we all got into a helicopter that the owner of the apartment would pilot. We flew over to some stadium at some school or some shit a bit of ways away, and the pilot botched the landing. I could tell he didn't play very much BFV. "That's now how you do it", I thought. He managed to get the helicopter to go pretty much upside down as he tried to merely tilt the plane in order to turn/etc. I was in a weird position on the helicopter. I was not in the cockpit with the others. From my view in the dream the chopper blades weren't there, so the dream was inconsistent. I was on a metal "disc" of sorts. It formed a hexa/penta-gon (idfk) and was maybe 2-3 inches of thick metal. The cockpit was implied to be underneath that or something, but the dream did not specify. While the helicopter was level, so was that. As he turned and made the helicopter go upside-down, I shimmy'd down around to the other side of it. I maintained upward positioning as the helicopter lost it. I was able to see we were about to crash and I was scared but it was out of my control. Just before we crashed, I jumped off the helicopter: I knew it'd be better to land alone than with/inside-of/etc the helicopter. I landed in grass and was more or less unscathed. I walked over to look at the helicopter wreckage and I kept getting visuals of my brother, who was in the cockpit with everyone else and therefore couldn't escape, with his face smashed into a light pole or something after being flung from the helicopter. I do remember seeing a few [other] survivors, but I was still looking for my brother when the dream ended.


2) We were at war or something and were being sent in waves of airplanes to go attack the enemy. My turn came up and I got shot down mid battlefield before reaching the enemy. The dream changed drastically the moment I hit the ground and got out. It became about scavenging and surviving in the wild etc. I wished I had brought more basic ammenities with me, but how could I have known that I'd be shot down like this?


3) This is from a few nights ago: I as on a police force and my partner and I were out and about and he/she (?) got rammed with a fucking SUV from an enemy. I jumped out of the way, but there was nothing I could do to help my partner except call for backup. Meh too lazy to elaborate on this.