Dreams:
asu
girl(s)
dr. house
finger/thumb
race

giant gap

irvin boat syringe vidyo game dispenser
faking my own death in swimming pool at country club
seeing dad's brother mitch eating steak in men's portion of country club


Both sides of giant gap weren't necessarily the same dreams (there weren't just two), but there was definitely a large (and possibly awake) gap between the two and they were all pretty close together. In fact, most of the first half of dreams before the gap and the very last two after the gap were the same dream.


Something about me being chased out of ASU for I have no fucking clue. A dream even before that is just now coming back to me. Something about a treehouse or something in someone's backyard and that's where all the chasing begins? The chasing goes from that house/neighborhood right next to ASU and then onto ASU where I try not to let people, especially security guards/cops, see my face. There seems to be a lot of this lately. Maybe my subconscious is trying to tell me to take the anon route? But why? What evil have I done that I need to run from? Is it not evil, per se, but the mere fact that I wish to "rock the boat", as it were?? And that evil targets good when good dismantles evil by [attempting to] remov[ing] it's corrupt power (and of course, evil uses government and the face of good to accomplish it's goals in this day and age (like many)). Bleh, back to dream.

I ran and dove into some sort of box. The only way to describe it is to reference one of those things that nobility used to ride around the streets in on Rome the tv series. There were 3 girls in there and, just as all girls like unavailable men, it must have drove them mad and turned them on that I was paying more attention to the stuff going on outside the window (looking for cops etc) than them. They all 3 began fondling me, including my junk, after an agreement to do so (which I overheard). This got my attention and I even had a short fling/relationship with the cutest/petite-est girl of the bunch. Something about her being submissive. Me thinking she probably won't like me once I pay attention to her. Her living in some weird cult-ish house and me even asking the occupants if this was a cult. I remember walking around somewhere in the dream (possibly the very same house) and afraid of going into areas (rooms) for fear that the entrance (door) would be locked behind me and I'd be trapped (unsure if this fits here). Whatever happened here didn't last long, but I think I vaguely remember rubbing her pussy.

Later I'm at what is either a food shopping center or doctor's office or even that same ASU place in one of it's buildings(???)... and I talk with Dr. House who gives me winky permission to do a procedure myself since he is busy. I'm not sure if I do but I think I at least tried. The wound was something in my mouth, I think on one of my far back/bottom teeth. I can only describe it as a red bump where there should be a cavity (not the dental kind). The tool used to remove the bump was an oversized tip of a thumb. It was like hard plastic and white, and I was to put a...... condom/glove (latex something ;-P) over it before trying to brute force'dly scrape the fucking bump out. I don't think I got it out, if I tried at all.

Behind the same area (from the street), asu or store or idfk, was a race going on. It was either swimming or running. I am pretty sure I had a female partner for the race, but idk if it was the same girl as earlier. I don't remember much of this but there was definitely more to it.


Irvin was pulling me on a boat and we were going pretty fast and I was on a boogie board of sorts. We added another fat spanish chick to the pull (her on her own "thing" (idk)) and it slowed the boat down and made the boogie board ride much slower. It was slow enough that I began to stand on the boogie board out of boredom (whether I was on my knees or stomach before this idk). After we eventually stopped because (???), I saw/noted that a syringe we had fell to the bottom of the lake and I could see it. I planned on getting it so it wouldn't ruin anyone else's day... but I was myself afraid of getting pricked in attempt to get it... but also that another speeding boat might come along and run me over as I'm coming back up. I had a long thought about how boats are pretty fucking dangerous in general and I guess that's why they use that flag system.

But still, where I had to dive down was right at the mouth of some kind of fake-ish video game dispenser! Right where boats came out! And one could appear almost instantly from it and be right on top of me. Description of it: Green and orange plastic squares (from top-down view), that are semi-transparent.


Swimming with some dudes at some country club pool and we were all jumping in over and over and I remember one part where I faked my own death pretty realistically. I "shot out" a final bubble/burst of air so as to look depleted... but everyone watching knew I was faking it lol. Still was weird that I was down for so fucking long... the reason is probably because it was a dream :). Writing that makes me think I became lucid at some point last night... but I can't remember when :(.

I go inside the same country club (VCC in riverside) and down into the men's only area, and there's like a mens-only claustrophobic pub type thing (much different than what is upstairs). I would describe it as the area where the shoe guy is down there... but instead of a shoe guy there's just small booths and walls separating each booth. I see my dad's brother Mitch down there eating a steak. I only see his face for a moment as I walk around a corner.