Dreams:
1) Money
2) Shoot out
3) Winchester Last.fm, TV not on fade, blender bottom

Fuck alchohol


1) I was at some large event, like an amusement park of sorts, and the theme was gambling. So an outdoors (with some indoors) Casino is more like it. I was in an indoor portion (just a roof and 3 walls) and tucked into the cavelike indoor at the long end, the deepest part. There was a long table in it too, and I stood near one end of it. A fight broke out over on the other side of the table and everybody turned to watch it (the room was pretty full). As they did, I got on my back and slid underneath the table so that my feet were towards the fight. To my left and right was people's money, for some reason on the floor and unattended [because of the fight distraction]. I quickly shoved large stacks of fifties into my pockets as fast as I could and stood back up before the fight was over. Btw this summarizes the entertainment industry pretty perfectly :-P (give them a distraction and they'll give you their money). At the normal places where you win money from gambling, you would get one or two dollars here and there and after a full day you'd leave with about $10-$20, it differs from person to person. I shoved stacks of fifties (think:breaking bad) and loaded my pockets full of them... so I had a few [hundred?] million.

I remember hearing some announcer say or somehow declare that everybody there made money today and then thinking about how that's not even mathematically possible unless the Casino itself lost money (CAPITALISM MMMKAY). He also said something about how most people made just a few bucks but some made millions... and I knew he was talking about me. I also recall walking out, or walking towards out, and conversing with a childhood friend brandon. I think he was with me in the indoor room and for the rest of the day, but I can't be sure. He was the first to notice that my pockets were pretty bulky and put the pieces together. I think some other group of people chased me too/before/idfk, but brandon definitely did. It started off as a wrestling/overpowering match, but then escelated to running and chasing. I ended up getting a security team appointed to me by the casino itself... something only offered to big winners that day. They kept off brandon (who had become unrecognizeably evil -- seriously nothing like how I know him to be), and at some other time, I can't remember when, I ran a 'C' shaped path to the car we were sharing home. The idea being that brandon would assume I'd run a straight line there, or something. When we both arrived at the car he said something like "I should have known you'd take the indirect route".

It gets blurry, how we shared a car home and when and where the security team said "this is as far as we'll take you" (wasn't far enough). I remember wanting to get brandon's dad involved, since I knew he could beat him up (and I sure as shit couldn't/can't). How I managed to go all the way to his parent's house for that is beyond me. So blah blah more blur and his dad shit but I can't remember what... and at some point later brandon was a cat and I had him by the throat. I felt bad about what I was doing but I didn't feel I had any choice. I snuffed the life out of him. It took longer than I expected and the cat seemed to be wrangling and scratching exponentially more and more the closer it got to death... until it just stopped. The squeezing of my hand on the cat's throat felt entirely real.


2) MIGHT be connected to previous dream, but I doubt it. We were at my old California house and me and my aunts were all in the dinner table area that's like a circular protrusion from the house. That's where the shoot out took place, with me on the inside of it and the other shooter on the outside. It was some black girl that was shooting... and she had a partner or something a ways away off in our dirt lot next door. Idk what he was there for.. perhaps he hired her? My glock 27 was in the dream and the shoot out was in slow motion. It was like realistic slow motion. My adrenaline knew it was an important chunk of time so it slowed it down as much as possible (but it was all still realtime of course (makes no sense)). My aunts/mum were sitting at the table and I had to make sure not to shoot them as I aimed out the window and squeezed off shots. It was my glock 27 and man the fucking recoil made rapid firing difficult as fuck. No matter how perfectly I thought I was aiming, she just wouldn't go down. I tried leading her a little bit (she was moving sideways constantly, as I was I), but she still didn't drop. After a reload and another shootout pretty much the same, I went outside and talked to her some. She showed me her bullet proof vest and it looked like I only hit her once in the shoulder anyways (bpv still caught it). We were both out of ammo, or maybe only I was, and she took out some sword or stick or something and was going to use that to kill me... but I as usual get my stupid super strength and rip it out of her hands and kill her with it. I went inside and talked to my aunts and shit and felt pretty lucky she used that stick.


3) I was sharing a bed with my 2nd cousin by adoption (I think I have two second cousins) Tanner, and we were discussing last.fm for some reason. He said I should ask Winchester (MASH) if he used Last.fm, and I said that if he used Last.fm it'd probably only be as an investor. I asked and Winchester just said no. I remarked to Tanner about how I used to have premium and I think I was going to elaborate more on my I don't use Last.fm anymore at all (aside from it not being free... paranoia). Later, I found the bottom portion of a blender... or I guess the middle portion. The part that screws onto the bottom of the jug that contains the blades... but not the big/bottom/engine part that that black plastic sits in. The black plastic + blades itself. It was in the bed and right underneath my left arm. I grabbed it and showed Tanner, like "wtf?" and then after putting it on a pillow above his head decided that it would be better off on the counter over to my right. After facing that way and no longer conversing, I was watching a TV over there. After some time (seconds? minutes?), I must have blinked or idk what but the TV was now off. I stared at it to figure out why it was off and I realized that I had woken up and was now staring at this (this set, there's two, whatever) computer monitor! I'm not sure that I blinked... it somehow faded into becoming awake/reality/monitor/off though...


Fuck alcohol. I've been having tons of dreams lately and I love it. I drank 2 nights in the past week and each time I did, I didn't have dreams. Or actually I did have dreams (I know I did, I rememebered having them).... but I couldn't remember any of their details enough to write them down! I like to drink the night of, but after I have gone asleep and the next morning... I am pissed that I can't remember the dreams I just had. I even considered the first night of the week I drank: "hmm, if I drink then I probably won't remember my dreams". I freaking called it. That it happened the second time too was another nail in the coffin.