Dreams:
1) Alien identical photo
2) Grandpa airplane (spiral, crash)


1) A view inside an alien spacecraft far away where two aliens were responding to a human radio wave or inquiry of some sort. One alien held out his hand in a sort of fist (non-threatening) and the other took a picture of it. They were casual (and careless) about it. The photo sent back to NASA scientists or whatever was then analyzed (the view changed) and it turns out that accidentally the inquiring photo was a pixel for pixel match of the response. There was even what appeared to be an american flag in the background of the fist in the center of the picture (what the fist was in the request is unknown to me), but what was really an alien flag folded onto itself (wind) and simply sharing the same colors. The fist also was maybe covered by some kind of clothing, like a sweatshirt or something... and I recall seeing a navy blue over the fist itself and maybe a gray line around the wrist. Since the photo was pixel perfect match accidentally, the scientists I guess assumed/determined that that quadrant of space was unoccupied (the response went unnoticed) or something of the sort.


2) Two parts to this dream, the spiral part and the crash part are different. The first part was basically my grandpa piloting his plane and me in the back. He told me to take control a little to go up and down and such (he really used to do this :-P). In the dream, I expected the plane to react how it used to when I was a kid... but instead it spiraled pretty much the moment I touched the stick. We did like 2-3 downward barrel rolls ridiculously fast and then eventually balanced out (I would imagine he took control and fixed it, but who it was idk). The stick was basically ultra and unrealistically sensitive. The second part of this dream was basically us in the same plane (his red one) and we were heading at a pretty steep angle into the ground. The angle reminds me of the helicopter dream, maybe 45 degrees or so. Grandpa was idk I guess you could say giving up on life metaphorically or whatever and not pulling up and we were going to crash in a matter of seconds. I tried to pull up but the dream is blurry here so I don't know whether or not I succeeded (perhaps because that part of my actual life has yet to unfold (FREEEEZE YOURSELF GRANDPA GGGGAAAAAAH)).