Dreams:
1) gma/car
2) Up
3) Luke neighbor/room
4) Luke's non-existent sister, warehouse next door
5) Leaving a place (mall-ish), front flip over bush, ran too far, double back -> envision (or actual idk) falling from flip this time, piano on lake/water, recorder-in-pocket-check (thumb drive as well), debian over wifi (boot screen toggle), walk around for a bit wondering what to do, go back to piano there's now two, play as girl walks by (joins)
6) Suzy


1) Couple nights ago, I was awoken randomly by my grandma or something (she really did the same thing mid-day). Was at my california house at the top of the driveway and I went into the car (convertible) and thought we were going to my grandma's house (I guess my mom woke me up or something, blurry). My mom/dad walk up and say "we're just going to get hamburgers". I felt uninvited and also not interested, so I got out and went back down to the house.


2) Night before last, it was metaphorical and real. I feel like in the dream I told myself to add "and real", just now I was only going to write metaphorical. There was a big me that released a little me into a rat maze-esq 'thing' (not a rat maze) and I was in the first person of the little me walking around doing who knows what (all blurry until the 'up' moment). There was also another big person across from the big me, so the little me was on a table in between them. A moment of adrenaline and clarity as I looked up to my zombie-like big self lazily hanging his head (the other big person doing similar implied). I was just... understanding... I suppose. All my pleasure derived from understanding. I was a geyser of energy and just wanted to jump into the air and uppercut the sky while letting out a victorious yell. I may or may not have done that, but I definitely understood it. I tried to think of a way to explain it to the bigger people: "they'd never understand". On paper it's stupid. Here I am explaining it to you now, and I doubt you get it. You have to be it to get it. You have to be the little man in the maze who bursts "AHA!" and jumps with all his adrenaline glands at maximum release into the sky at the sheer understanding of life itself.


3) Blurry dream a couple nights ago, something about our old Tempe neighbor and there being a room that was right up against their apartment (both apartments were inaccurate), and I was in there for a little but idk then came out and sat on couch in living room and thought Luke was back in his room (different room)... but then later he walks in the front door so I was wrong. I am just sitting there on the couch and I wave at him and maybe have some kind of brown gardening gloves on and he just laughs at my waving.


4) This and 5 and 6 are last night, Luke's non-existent sister (I mean his actual sister is pretty cute, but the one in this dream was different -- blonde and older, around my age). We were at Luke's for a little I guess and then her and I went next door to some warehouse and we went really far in (the first room was just a large empty room) and then onto the other side of some big wall. There were freights and we got lucky because there was some kind of padding on top of them: perfect for fucking. Her and I start messing around and then I think she says she has to go piss or something so she goes back on the other side of the wall (or somewhere) to piss. Around this time I hear a security guard or something start closing the main warehouse doors we came in through, but before he closes them all the way I yell to him so we don't get trapped inside. He isn't pissed at all since he's just doing his job, and he walks us out and is a pretty cool guy eh. He even says something along the lines of "they depend on you to steal from them", somehow the dream warped and her and I were scavenging for food and not just sexing (idfk)? It somehow all made sense through insurance and idk didn't put much thought into it. Later (minutes) I see her again at Luke's and she makes up some excuse "I don't see how it could work out" and then I begin my journey home.


5) I don't remember where I was leaving from, but I remember before going in something about parking my jeep or something and something happened. I recalled the jeep thing later when realizing I had run too far, but nothing specific from it: it only helped me know I was dreaming which woke me up in between 'falling the flip this time' and 'piano on lake/water'... despite my feeling like they are the same dream. I was running along a sidewalk from some place and just having fun ya know. I had a light backpack on and up came a bush and I just did a front flip over it like it was nothing and kept running. Was fun and yea parkour is my third passion I hope to get into. Parkour: the world is your playground (not metaphorically like most dipshits. LITERALLY). Code,music/danzig,parkour. Ok so anyways I ran too far and was like 'wtf my car isn't way out here' and then I doubled back and right around here the dream either stopped or I ran back to the flip spot and ate it or just imagined the possibility of that happening, idfk.

I'm chilling at/on a piano on some lake thing and playing a bit here and there. I have a laptop sitting on top the piano as well, and I think this part mainly focused on the laptop (but surely there was some piano stuff). It's running debian and I'm like "wtf" because it was my netbook (no ssd/hdd) and yet I DIDN'T have the usb flash drive plugged into it (i currently use it via debian live boot only). I looked over and saw a wifi dongle that I'd never seen before (let Tanner borrow my other good/hackable(WEP) one, I'll never see it again) and reasoned that I guess I had accidentally left an .iso or something in a dir that automatically served it up via netboot and my laptop just found it by trying all the possible boot places/types. I would hover the mouse over some 'workspace switcher' type thing and then the laptop would flash back and forth between the grub/boot window and the regular desktop (xfce ftw (until...)). Would go back to desktop when I took the mouse off the workspace switcher. Also around/about this time there was a time where I checked with certainty that my voice recorder was in fact in my pocket and not (??? lost??). Idk why my dreams lately have been focusing on my voice recorder instead of hdd lol. While my hand was in my pocket verifying that voice recorder was there, I also felt my thumb drive with live debian boot on it. I get up after a little and walk around for a little. I don't remember my exact thoughts here but they were relating to "what to do" and eventually I concluded that I'd just go back to the piano and master it! I walk back but pass the one I was on earlier and go sit on a second one, not seeing the first again until I've sat down. Some girl walks by and she somehow came from towards the lake thing (maybe boat? maybe bullshit). I try to get the nerve to play in front of her, reasoning that I need to get over such a stupid fear anyways. I play a few shitty notes and she stops and looks at me and says something and comes over. It's either like "I can help you with that" or fuck idk what she said, but I said "blah blah blah something... but you can come chill with me". I may have said "thanks for the offer I don't want any help... [but...]". I also put my arm around her waste as she sat down, obliterating the physical touch barrier :) (was obvious why I wanted her to sit: not for piano halp). She was cute dirty blonde and like normal size, maybe a little bigger than average (not fat). It was implied that she was walking to class, in fact I think the whole scene was on some campus [that I wasn't attending ;-P]. She played some and I told her not to play anything copyrighted because then I'd have to turn my recorder off and I held it up and showed her. She told me she knew of some and I questioned that, since I figure[d] you (pretty much) have to make it up on the spot in order to not be infringing copyright. Still I let her play and didn't recognize any of it (woot). She played pretty good and then eventually it was my turn again and I played shit... but better than usual. The dream seemed so realistic as if I was actually playing (maybe in fact I was? brains r powafo), I just basically played frantically and all over the place like my recordings on my recorder right now: shit. Towards the end it got a little better but then right after it ended I said "i think that was pirates of the carribean" (although it wasn't, it still resembled it a bit (and would take a judge/lawyer arguing for years to determine whether or not it was infringing (lol reality))). She then told me she would go get her [male] friend to join us, and I replied "join us? or join us?", somehow implying with tone that I didn't want any help. She said he could help me out and I shot her down quickly saying I didn't want any instructions, in fact that I "explicitly don't want any instruction". The rest of the dream was mostly awoken and I fantacized more of that conversation, including with her male friend: "something original from scratch is bound to sound like shit at first", etc.


6) Idk what this was about but pretty much just a wet dream and I think she rejected me anyways, idk can barely remember any of it. I think jail was involved, but I think it was her who went lol. Blurry.