0) Foreign car
1) Bad neighborhood
2) Dog/money
3) Airport


0) (0) and (1) were from a few nights ago, and on the same night. (2) and (3) were just last night (or more appropriately, my last sleep which ended at like 2am). Ehh a lot of this dream is forgotten, or it wasn't really that long. It also blended in with (1). We, I think my mom and I, were driving in some foreign country and I think we got pulled over or something. There was some worry that we wouldn't get to drive away, but somehow we did get to. Matt appeared in the dream and started driving. Within moments he hit a parked car on the side of the road, so I told him to stop driving. He wouldn't, so then I started punching his face (jaw/teeth -- I could feel the teeth on my fist as I hit him). We even got onto a highway and he was still driving. My mom was questioning my actions, but I explained how he just hit a car so shouldn't be driving. I later wondered if my hitting him was net negative, since it probably affected his driving.

Later and perhaps a different dream (but like I said, pretty blended in), there was a house across from mine (the one from (1) and I walked out of a room talking with someone and there was a bunch of girls sitting around lazily, perhaps sunbathing etc. They all seemed so easy and into me. Made me think/realize that the key to getting laid is just being in the right place at the right time. Skills don't matter much, money doesn't ALWAYS matter (but certainly ALWAYS helps (well one exception: if she's already rich)): you just have to find where the whores are hanging out sunbathing and then you're laid. Unfortunately that tends to be at bars/clubs, and I hate bars/clubs.


1) I moved into a house that was next to a small neighborhood park (the kind your dog shits in, not the kind with slides etc. The kind not very wide and with houses on both sides, but a sidewalk connecting two neighborhood streets together). That small park was frequented by a bunch of black guys, probably all from the same gang. They used burners often there, and it seemed to be a business location for them. Bleh a lot of this dream is blurry but although I didn't get to know them or anything, they could still tell from our various brief passings by that I was a bit off. Some time passes and my neighbor not on the side where the park is gets murdered. He was one of the gang members, but they found out he was gay so killed him. I didn't talk to him much but he seemed alright. They, for some reason or other, also decided to kill me at the same time. Something about two birds one stone. I think they wanted to make it look like we were lovers. Idk how I got the scoop, but I did get it on time and I ran around the back way and looked into my neighbor's house through his sliding glass doors and indeed saw the hitmen still in there. I ran back to my house as fast as I could, stumbling and scrambling to get my shotgun (with, accurately as of writing, only 3-5 shells). Saw my mom in the living room before I ran up the stairs and she could tell by the way I was behaving me that something was up. I think she was even able to guess that hitmen were coming (god knowledge that I knew she knew). Upstairs Caydon/Madison and maybe some others were playing in a nursery type room. Also happened to be the room the shotty was in, and they saw me load it. Somehow they knew from what I'd previously said that I would only be using it for good. There was a flashforward also and I saw the cops going over the crime scene and either written ON or NEAR my shotgun was the words "do no harm" (pretty sure I put them there). Ok anyways back to the action: sorry but the dream didn't even show the action, but eh obviously I keeled them. Much later at a picnic table I saw Garrison/Robinson/Kaylee and they told me they were proud of me. I said "what for, all I did was react?". Kaylee pulled me close and started whispering something in my ear (I forget what). I could feel her eyelashes/eyebrows on the side of my face.


2) Down a little hill next to a parking lot (I guess of the airport in (3), but that didn't seem to be revealed at this point) there was a pretty big dark colored dog tied to a stake, and a smaller beagle dog that could run free. They seemed to be friends. Nearby was a baseball practice, and that might have been the reason I was there (to practice also). I by sheer chance looked down and saw a wooden box thing with some straw in it... and also a bunch of various kinds of money. There were really large dollar coins that didn't even look the correct size. There was a brick of gold with something written on it, something about a business but shit I forget (was all metaphorical and shit, sorry I can't remember). A ball missed while playing catch brought one of the players near me as I looked at the goods, I quickly dropped them and hid them under the straw and walked away (I'd be back for them). I analyzed the probabilities of someone else finding them in the meantime: low, but EVENTUALLY will definitely be found (a baseball player or whoever). Anyways back to the dogs: the tied one seemed to have been left by his owner. I wondered if his owner died somehow and that's why he left the dog. I didn't think much of the dog as I saw it, but later I felt like shit for the dog. I thought maybe it had been there so long that that's all it knew life as. I thought maybe it forgot it had the ability to walk (despite me seeing it walk "a few feet" (as much as that leash would allow) away when it got scared of someone getting close). I wondered how it survived, and figured the beagle must have brought it food. I was a bit relieved when I realized that if it were real life, the dog would probably just chew through the leash and that'd be that (or someone would call the pound etc).


3) I was working in an airport, but the dream really jumped all over the place and didn't make much sense. I was a teeworlds player, I was sitting in a resturant with my 6th grade classmates and teacher, I was in a dark bar in the airport (working or drinking?). While sitting in the restaurant, Jordan M. from Highland (sister's friend) was sitting across from me and for some reason we were sitting in school desks. Her desk was much higher than mine, and I even commented on it and made fun of myself (because I knew that small minded individuals have to subconsciously sit higher than others in order to feel superior to them (just saw the space ghost episode where space ghost's chair got lowered, it made me think about how most talk show hosts really do probably try to sit higher (or at least as high as) their guests (or just high in general when no guests))). Jordan leaned forward and kissed me. I was kind of embarrassed she did just because all my classmates were there to my right (a wall to my left). She's cute but also a little big, and I'm a shameful cunt so yea. I let her kiss me and did enjoy it, but when the kiss stopped I had my left hand on her face as if gently prying her off (although I didn't really do any prying at all, I made it appear I did). Wham bam back in the dark bar in the airport playing teeworlds, I somehow knew I was being watched as I played. I was shitting on the newbs, one shotting most swings etc. I knew Jordan was watching me and my mad skillz were making her wet. I stopped every once in a while and there was a plastic bowl of chips (idk what flavor, either some kind of cheese or just original potato chips -- I think I kept trying to figure out what kind it was but couldn't) and I poured the chips into my mouth (this really is how I eat chips when I don't share them, so I don't get my fingers greasy). I was wearing black liner gloves and tried to take them off during these pauses as well. I remember stopping for chips and trying to take gloves off at least 3 times, for some reason I gave up easily whenever I couldn't grip the glove to take it off. I did eventually get the gloves off I think. I have been wearing those gloves when I go outside lately because it's so cold and I'm a bitch. There was an envisioned (I think forced/conjured) scene outdoors somewhere with 6th grade class. Two love birds in the class wanted to give each other a smooch. It was against the school rules but since the teacher knew it wasn't just a fling, even she kind of wanted to allow it. I said to my teacher "hey look at that thing" (obviously pointing at nothing/something-stupid in the opposite direction), the teacher went along with it, and they got their moment to smooch. I congradulated my efforts in that envisioned scene, I'm such a noble person and my actions are often unseen/unnoticed.

Near towards the end of my "shift" at the airport (which consisted of ???? -- the above scenes are all I really remember from it weirdly), I was standing in a control room and there was a video camera on me, so I tried to be as uneventful as possible (not gonna let them steal my emotions/actions and make movie for profit from it, *shakes fist*) and just do the work and nothing else. A hot girl who was my superior came in and I guess relieved me, or the day was over and we were both off. She had a douchebag boyfriend who came to pick her up, I was jealous of him. I wandered out away from the airport/control-room and was standing near a parking lot and there was an open fence onto the TARMACK (is that the right word? idfk but it sounds like it might be right. I've never used the word before. the fucking runways and shit where the planes are). I thought it looked cool how I couldn't even see the other side of the airport. It was like a mirage of endless asphalt. I wanted to go run out there for no reason at all, but knew that would get me into trouble (or dead). A plane was taking off, and it was aimed straight at the building I had just walked out of. It lifted off the ground some, then did that little rocking back and forth thingy because I guess they pulled up too hard (sure it's a "stall", but there are different kinds ya know. this was the rocking back and forth after takeoff kind). It crashed back into the runway and was sliding right for the building I just came out of. I had only enough time to say something about it to the other employees who were also standing around, "that plane is crashing!" or some such. I'll never forget the visuals from the plane obliterating that building I had just been in moments before. The plane like rolled into/onto/through it, and the standing building became a tornado (had:mountain) of scattered debris in the blink (had:blind) of an eye. The realism was intense. I instantly began to question whether or not it was a dream. I had flashbacks to growing up in the life I had in that dream. Of the hiring process to get the job, etc. It was like I was rejecting that it was reality, I refused to believe it (habeeb it). I'd never been so sure that a dream was real. I kept saying over and over "this is a dream". Other stumbling employees looked equally distressed. One guy around my age had the same look I was feeling, but was silent whereas I kept stating "this is a dream". I could tell he was thinking it too. I kept saying it and like giving him small pushes on the shoulder (prompting response), as if he was going to respond and say "yep" and then it would become a lucid dream/playground from there on out (I thought if I could become lucid that the dream would go from "FUCKING TERRIBLE" to "wow fun let's go explore the wreckage :-D"). I eventually said to him, "let's do dream tests on each other", but I couldn't say the word test and the entire dream ended right AS I said the word (I had to force it out, like a stuttering stanley). I said "tes-" and then the dream ended (black screen style). Somehow that second "T" was a bitch to get out. I had woken up basically all the way and knew I was laying in bed by the time I said the second "T". Oh also I really did wake up saying the entire word "test" (and nothing else), in a pretty regular sounding voice if you ask me. My brother is visiting for the holidays so I wondered if he heard it).

I wondered if maybe my saying of the word "test" was my subconscious being all metaphorical and shit to me (we can't perform any tests to see if we're alive, parrallels dream tests), or if it was my logical processing of the word "test" (and in that context as well (dreams)) that finally allowed my brain to realize it was a dream.

Much later after waking up I theorized that maybe it was real in an alternate universe. The airplane fuel tanks may have exploded right as I said the word "test" (since I did realize after thinking about it, I didn't see any exploisions -- and I was probably standing close enough to die from one). I died in one universe, only to wake up in another universe and think it was all a dream. I like that theory, it's amusing. Even though admittedly I'm probably stretching.

Those brilliant car crashes in the Burnout vidya game series come to mind, except waaaaaaay larger (plane meets building). So much scattering debris, and the realistic physics etc. Damn, my brain can simulate a lot :-P.

Also it's worth noting that even though the dog scene seemed "next to" the airport, I never really thought maybe the dog(s) died from it as well. Seemed too much like a different dream altogether (or maybe I just didn't think about it, much like I didn't think about the fact that the plane hadn't yet exploded)).