Dream THING consisting of baseball/teeworlds. It's hard to explain now, but the dream explained it to me well. We each get a sliver of existence that is dependent on the past and that the future depends on. We lack perspective of the big picture. I thought about why kids play baseball... because their elders do and encourage them to. Why do their elders encourage them to? Because THEIR elders encouraged THEM. So on and so forth. Sure there's the enjoyment factor, but I'm not considering it right now. It's not coming out nearly as crystal clear as it made sense during the dream, but basically I had a eureka moment when I was practically 100% certain that I am a replica of myself and that this is all going on infinite times. Obviously baseball is an arbitrary example: teeworlds was also used a little later. Imagine a teeworlds map where you're dependent on others to hook/hammer you through to the next part.. at which point you have to help other tees progress from your new location as well. Now imagine that your screen is too far zoomed in (as normal in teeworlds) to see that you and the other players are just going in a giant clockwise loop around a bigger-than-your-screen-by-maybe-10x map. It may take a few cycles to realize you are repeating (though not necessarily). That's what I envisioned in the dream, and somehow all of us tees were able to collaborate and somehow get to some new room where we were able to see the map as a whole -- and I think we just chilled there n shit (what else?).

Another part of maybe a different dream, but what seemed a distant continuation, I owned a fast food restaurant and had given some girl (who I think I may have had relations with) a position in that restaurant -- but I didn't require her to actually work at all if she didn't want to. We went to the restaurant and I think sat there eating or something and she was.... pulled... into working. I think she may have even accused me of intentionally bringing her there so that she would get pulled into working. When I say pulled, I mean it was all by her own will. She just couldn't stand the way the regular workers were doing things and refused to not do something about it. She said something along the lines of "would you let so and so do such and such for you?" -- refering to some cooking/cleaning/idfk-what task.

Another distant fragment, Mehraj was walking down a street in the other direction as me and on the other side of the street as me. It was night and I yelled his name and ran across the street and tried to catch up to say sup. He didn't recognize me and ran faster away from me. I eventually caught up and he told me he thought I was some beligerent drunk guy at first.