Irvin Airplane Justin/Brandon/Ryan/Fourth Slipknot Lexi 2xHolly (Aeriel)


Seemed like I was invited by Irvin to take a plane somewhere, I think to a slipknot concert. Upon arriving at wherever the airplane landed, I find Justin/Brandon/Ryan -- and some fourth person I can't put a finger on (Irvin? Rocky? Joshy Washy?) sitting all around some table and we're all gonna go to the concert. I talk about how I already went to a Slipknot concert (funnily enough, was with brandon) and how it didn't meet my lifelong expectations (new slipknot blows ass. suck my dick corey taylor). We start walking across a field towards the slipknot concert and somehow I obtain the knowledge (perhaps from earlier) that Lexi and some other girls I know IRL (that aren't dogs) are all standing up a small hill (like 5-10 feet high) and under a tree. Lexi is somehow human and I specifically seize the moment to go and talk to her! So I break away from that group of friends and double back a bit and go talk to those girls. I recognize and possibly even point out a few of the other girls, but as of writing right now the only ones I can remember were Holly and Aeriel. I called both of them Holly and somehow thought that was Aeriel's actual name. Probably not relevant, but worth noting that they are both redheads. I still remember some of the other girls being brunette/black/blonde (I think lexi was blonde, but maybe light brown). Lexi was the only one I really wanted to talk to (I knew she was usually a dog (weird that this strangeness didn't trigger lucidity (I drank the night of this dream so...))). She was a petite young woman, perhaps a teenager but perhaps around my age. I hugged her the same way I really do hug her. She whispered something in my ear but the words slip me. It was something along the lines of "did you know?" or "were you [something]?". It basically was her asking me if when I did the peanut butter trick back in the day, I was young and dumb and could write it off as that being the reason. I think I replied yes, but not exactly using that word only. I'm not sure if it was a lie or not. It didn't seem like a lie in the dream, but after waking up it did seem like I lied about it. I have also been extremely hesitant about even writing about it (but I'm pretty sure I've mentioned it in other docs (almost wrote dogs here xD)), but as usual my extreme level of truthiness prevails (however, I am still a private encrypted motherfucker as of now so yea). The whole (had:only) ordeal has been making me hesitant in general about publishing without censoring more -- not this dream in particular, but the actual event and the admitting to it.

Osios and Peanut Butter Trick are unfairly in the same basket. Osios should definitely without a doubt be published because it is amazing and awesome. Peanut Butter Trick I admittedly am ashamed of. Fuck shame though, guh.

It was still extremely cool to see Lexi in human form in my dream like that. Was as fun as a lot of lucids I've had.