0) Beer restaurant
1) Following around town


0) Inside a fast food restaurant was a swimming pool. I was in the swimming pool and there was a lifeguard who kept catching me drinking beer in the pool. I did what a baby does and faced the other direction while I drank my beer. Semi-all of the sudden there were cops that she had called, and I was arrested for drinking in public. The cop told me that I'd have to have someone come get me (or something). I can't remember exactly what he said, but he basically said he'd be taking me in. I somehow did go back in the pool for a little while longer... I think the cop was detained with something else (he was definitely detained with something else LATER in the dream, tbc). I popped open another brew and the same lifeguard glared at me leik "wtf". I think maybe perhaps that was my second chance, but honestly it's too blurry for me to remember properly (disclaimer: i did drink last night (and have tonight too ;-P)). I fumbled and apologized and explained that it was pure habit! It felt like it really was habit. Like I was an alcohol addict. I didn't think ABOUT the opening of and chugging of the beer, I just fucking did it (and honestly wtf drinking a fucking beer shouldn't be a crime you asshats). I think I apologized and threw the beer away though after the lifeguard glared at me and possibly said something (idk). So but yea somehow I was still under arrest, idfk. Later in the dream the cop told me to wait or something idk while he talked to some other guy. The other guy was a much more dangerous criminal and did plant a bomb at the fast food restaurant. The cop more or less "let me go" because he was after the bigger fish. He did at one point say to me "get out of here as fast as you can" (or something similar). I think I ran out the front door of the fast food restaurant ONCE and right as I went out the front door the blast lifted me a hundred or so feet into the air (but I was not injured), but this happened twice I guess maybe the dream rewound and let me experience it a different way. The second time I disobeyed the cop and ran deeper into the fast food restaurant to tell the lifeguard girl that she needed to leave. Saving her or whatever. As we left and as I went out the door that exact same explosion lifted me again about ~100ft and I wasn't injured. I don't think the lifeguard girl made it out on time, but I also don't think she got killed or even injured. Idkf, but I'm pretty sure she got exploded even still.


1) This dream mostly forgotten. Following a group of people around town for idfk what reason. We traversed two story apartment complexes and hotels and other random ass shit in a city type environment. Idk why I was following them (I used to).