Dreams:
1) Eyes
2) Hike, guy announcing shit won't fit, lots of people help, dive, up hill with g/parents, yellow+black snakes, fire (magnifying glass on pocket knife), fire ring + wood, portables + steak


1) Very short very instant lucid dream where all-of-the-sudden I'm in my bathroom and leaning over the counter so that my face is close to the mirror. I'm looking at myself and everything about me looks normal except my eyes. They are pure white (well, a little dirty white) with two light blue columns of three rows of X's. The first moment makes me panic at the sight and I think I let out a "no" and/or a screetch of some sort. A moment later and I've become lucid and the panic is under control. Was worried that I let out an actual "no" and/or screetch and that my mom/dad/caydon(who's spending the night one room over) would have heard it if it was real. My staring at my badass crazy scary looking self in the mirror didn't last much longer and I think I had a false awakening after it, but can't remember the details of that.

Subconscience scared? Subconscience telling me to bitch out? Bleh I can just shred all my hard drives and go live in the jungle... even want to a bit (always have)...


2) Some like giant (like easily 100, maybe 1000+) community caravan type shit in the olden days and we're traveling to some new location to live. We're hiking over mountains and stuff and I hear some guy at some point announcing to everyone that if some 'thing' (like a boat we were carrying? or a huge supply wagon? idfk) falls off some cliff because he predicts it won't fit, we'll have to turn around and camp where we are now instead of proceeding forward (for the winter? for a few nights? idfk). The next day after he says that I'm walking up to the cliff/turn part that the thing would have a hard time making (there's a lake below)

2a) earlier same night dream: I was in a car or some nonsense with my dad driving and we did a similar tight turn around a corner and he did it slow and with others there talking him through it but still at some point he made the rear thing he was towing (and i was on?) lift up into the air and at that point I bailed and jumped as far as I could into the water which I wasn't sure wasn't ice. Hoped that if it was ice that I'd at least break through it (and not go under also ;-P). This dream did not take place in the past, but they both dealt with slowly turning sharply at a downhill bend thing "to the left" with some kind of wagon/trailer thing.

...well anyways since the guy gave that speech earlier, a whole bunch of people run up behind it and grab onto it and they all slowly walk it down together. Way more than enough needed (and I joked later in the dream to myself(?) that now each year there'd be less and less people helping it right there and eventually it'd not be enough xD). I didn't feel like they needed my help, so I didn't. Instead I do a 1 + (1/2) pike off that cliff and land in the [definitely-not-ice] water. It was both for showing off and for fun (hmm... I guess.... yes...). I climb out of the water at the bottom of the hill/path that the people are coming out of and meet up with my parents/grandparents and we start to walk up yet another hill straight ahead of me after I get out. I don't know how to explain it but it felt good to be with my family and to be passed the part where shit could have gone awry. When we're walking up, my parents and grandma and I all like hang onto each other's shoulders like a bunch of drunk bros out on the town (lol can't think of any other way to describe it ;-P). We/I do the same with my grandpa, but he struggles to keep up and eventually falls behind and even falls somewhat down onto his face. I think I mostly catch him since he's under my arm, but unsure about that. I bail on my mom/dad/gma and become my grandpa's cane, basically pulling him up the hill. At the top there's an incident with snakes and right when someone points them out to someone else (who? I feel like I knew him but it wasn't mom/dad/gma/gpa(still-on-my-shoulder)) that someone else like jumps and freaks and has a stare off with the about-to-bight snake but eventually just... err... walks away? I stand there and see like 3-4 snakes and they're on various sides of us/the-path. Someone points out that these are yellow+black, so very dangerous/deadly (or is that red on black? i forget ;-P). I keep my cool and my grandpa does too. I just stand there and slowly spin, looking for a safe path. I find one and after staring at it for a few seconds to make sure there isn't one hidden/camo'd in the grass, I proceed forward. It was offroad and kinda downhill/rocky and it 'caught up to' the regular path, but I was worried about dropping my grandpa here.. but didn't. Either a gap or right then and there (gpa now out of the picture?) I see some others doing fire stuffs (trying to get the fire started (we are pretty much at our camp site at this point)) and I see some grass off to the side catch on fire accidentally. I yell FIIIIRE at the top of my lungs and try to stomp it out. The dream goes into slow motion just like with those running dreams (you bastards). By the time my foot lands the fire has moved and grown! I keep chasing it and yelling fire but since I'm the closest one, the yelling didn't do shit. It was 'known' that if the fire grew/spread, the campsite would be unusable [and we might all die etc ;-P]. The fire moved around kind of cartoony and shit like a fuse on dynamite was layed out in a zig zag pattern in the grass. Because of that I'm able to predict one of it's paths and I jump onto my stomach [in slow mo ;-/] to try to block it (anticipating burns for that decision, but worth it). However since it was slow mo the fucking fire zips right under me before I land xD. When I get up and look to my right where the fire now is, it's gone/out. It headed straight into a where-the-fuck-did-that-come-from canal thing and ran out of fuel/grass to burn as connected with the cement from the canal. I visualized a magnifying glass on a pocket knife lining up with a magnifying glass on a pocket knife and those two points of heat multiplying on each other and that being how the fire started accidentally? Uhh I also suggested that we should clear out a huge area and put a fire in the middle of it, but either right as I said it or after or maybe I didn't say it but just thought it, I looked over and sure enough there was a giant fire pit already there. Somehow the canal/fire-pit just appeared, and wtf there was also a portable toilet but we'll get to that momentarily. The fire pit was out, but it was still smoking as if someone had used it the day before (and yet we were supposedly in a desolate area??). Confusingly, there was also a stack of wood ready to burn off to the side.

I see two guys come out of the two portable bathrooms and they're carrying a two-layered TV dinner and they do some nonsense with their faces and then flick their steaks onto the ground, then proceed to dumping the other layer of the TV dinner (mash, gravy, etc) as well. I'm confused by this and I walk up and grab the sirloin off the grass and run off before they can say anything. They seem confused by my actions, but I'm not sure if it's because of something to do with the bathroom... or if they just didn't expect that. The steak is still warm and I didn't give a fuck that it was on the grass: nature is much cleaner than modern housing bullshit. It was a nice steak, not the kind you'd find in a TV dinner. As I ran off I took a bite out of it. Tasted fine but my mind started wandering and I wondered [even more] why they had them in the bathrooms and why they dumped them out. Because of their facial expressions I thought they were just trying to be dicks and/or prove some stupid point or what have you. I start walking over back to them and spitting out the steak in my mouth (still holding the rest in my hand) to go ask them what the deal was ("did i just eat poop?"), but the dream ended right around here...