Dreams:
1) Nick, infini barrel roll, drug with no start, jb sechz
2) Lucid dream over and over with old man and glenn and arby. pain becoming more real. grass


1) Nick and I were chillin driving somewhere on a freeway or something, and I remember talking to him about idfk what, when before you knew it we were doing the fucking fast barrel roll any car could ever do. I guess we were in the process of crashing, but I don't remember him swerving or hitting another car or anything. I figured the worst was yet to come, but for now we were literally just barrel rolling and flying to the right down along the freeway ridiculously fast and for an unrealistically long time. We even had a conversation while barrel rolling. I asked him if I should jump out of the car and he advised me not to (I guess he reasoned it's safer to stay in the steal cage). I also sort of spaced out and zoned out while talking to him. I feel as though I either had my eyes closed and just FELT the spinning, or we were spinning so fast that everything outside the car became a black blur so that it was equivalent to my eyes being closed. I pictured us landing and hitting something and dying over and over and over, and I eventually asked towards the end of this segment (still spinning tho) what Nick's thoughts on infinite multiverse theory are. It was strange how calm both of us were despite being mid car crash and barrel rolling so incredibly fast.

The second part of this dream, and actually what sort of feels like a continuation and/or derivative of the first, was me tripping balls on some drug Nick gave me (which is unrealistic considering he doens't do drucks). I don't remember him giving me the drug and he for some reason refused or just didn't tell me what kind it was. He explained to me later after I asked that it was a known side effect for the user to not remember taking it, and I accepted his explaination... still curious as to what it was in the first place...

The third part we were at some apt/condo complex which was his house or something and we met 2 cute girls in the hallway and idk just talked to them or whatever. I asked them both how old they were in a tone that could be deciphered by them. They responded "18" in a tone that could be deciphered by us. Then Nick and I both fucked them.


2) Had a relaxing lucid dream over and over, most always the same one (but the amount of times was blurry, so some of the times may have been elsewhere). I think it was my old CA house's backyard, but at the very least it was just a decent sized grass field (no trampoline tho). I would wake up in between each iteration and then would even say (THINK!) things to myself to try or do or say in the dream next time. Can't remember explicitly, but I guess you could say I just wanted to eh know they were lucid dreams sooner, and for them to last longer. Relaxing and not panicking and stimulating my senses were essentially it. I'm now starting to think I have a grass thing. Not necessarily a fetish... grass doesn't turn me on... but maybe a lucid dream specific fetish (still not in sexual way). I did my usual "lean foward and feel grass on hands/arms/face" thing, although this time I wasn't running full speed hahaha, just standing still. Toward the beginning of the dream (each time) I remember an old man who would somehow 'set it up' (the dream). And then I'd forget his existence entirely. One of the times I made sure to keep an eye on him so he wouldn't disappear, but I think he still managed to anyways :-S? There was another time with arby who I think came when the old man left, or perhaps multiple times with arby idk. Another time I was waiting for arby but he didn't show up, and instead glenn showed up. This time I was pretty lucid and wanted to have some fun with it so I punched him in the face. He hit me back and as expected it didn't hurt, but then I think a mob started joining him in hitting me and the longer the dream went on, the more I forgot it was a dream and the more real the pain began to feel. The dream ended before it ACTUALLY hurt [a lot], but it was getting close.