Dreams:
0) Gun (sniper and pistol)
1) 2nd cousin girl, airplane (no security for her), australia upstairs, weed, pants, "j" and asking girl where pants are, downstairs-fast, pants pissed, sewer (fat black gay kid)
2) Tanner in school after japanese can't remember class before shared art, we ditch with 2 girls he is talking to and go out to rocks


0) A massive battle/war on hills/mountains and moments after we "started" (some announcement maybe?) I peaked up over a hill, saw a man extremely far away doing the same over his own hill/mountain, took aim and blamo fucking headshot dropped him and then ducked (could have just as easily have been me that was dropped ;-P). I wondered if it was me or a teammate that got the kill, but concluded with relative certainty that it was me since my aim was dead on and the timing did coincide with my trigger pull. I guess, just like a certain big game animal (xD), I was just surprised the bullet actually hit him. There were other kills I had with a pistol throughout, the details of which escape me: I do recall the way the pistol shot though. Like a slow motion laser came out of the gun and zwarped through their heart (center of mass) and they fell. Yes it was scary as fuck, but also satisfying each time (not dying tends to be satisfying) I dropped an enemy. At one point later after the pistol stuff I was back with sniper rifle near the first long ass shot. I was standing next to teammates and there was a boulder near us (to my left, the battlefield over the ridge right in front of us straight ahead). An enemy popped around said boulder and scared the fuck out of me: I thought that was it. I quick turned and without aiming down sights dropped him with my sniper rifle, saving myself and those teammates. It was an adrenaline fueled instinctive shot: no thought whatsoever. He was perhaps 3-5 feet from me.


1) My 2nd cousin girl that I have a physical crush on and I hung out and shit somewhere, idk where. Then we went on some cargo type ish airplane (not traditional commercial kind) and because of her job (airplane/hotel reservation related) she didn't have to go through security (the reasoning I came up with in the dream was because she was in a position of power and trust: if she wanted to fuck up a plane etc, metal detectors and the like wouldn't stop her one bit and so were moot). We landed in australia for idfk what reason and she had family there so I guess that was why (I don't think she really does (WA afaik), but who knows). We went upstairs into some house thing (perhaps a duplex?) and in the hallway before a room that I'd be sleeping in we talked about weed. She said she smoked; she said it casually as if it wasn't the last thing I'd asked her on 'popular-social-networking-site-of-2014-earth', and I interpretted it as just her not wanting to talk about it online/documented/NSA-snoopable/etc. I went into my room and at some point around here I realized I didn't have my pants on anymore (still no idea when I lost them), just boxers now. I also did talk to her mom through the semi-opened door (so she couldn't see my legs). I told her I couldn't remember her name but I definitely did remember her face/etc.. and guessed that her name started with a "J". She said that "Jay" was in fact her first name (it isn't. it actually starts with an "L", but her last/married name does start with a "J" so I think that's where I got that from), and even though it didn't sound familiar at all I accepted it as her name. I think we joked about my losing my pants and asked where 2nd cousin girl was so I could ask her. 2nd cousin girl came upstairs and after asking, she didn't know either. I then left that room with my head peaking out and shimmy'd down the stairs quite fast back retracing my steps to the airplane looking for my pants. I do in fact know how to traverse down stairs fast-as-fuck, it's like you kind of slide and let your feet simply lean forward/backward (loose as fuck ankles) and kind of form a flat ramp out of the stairs through feet hacks. When I got to the bottom I heard her and her mom saying "I don't think I've ever seen anyone go down stairs that fast". The reason was probably that I was pantless/embarrassed (with embarrassed here you might think that being pantless may have sped me up. not so), but honestly I tend to go down stairs like that pretty often (either that or in lazy/slow/one-step-at-a-time mode). After rounding the corner of the building and walking maybe 20 feet along it's wall, I found my pants on the other side of some box that was up against that wall. The pants were wet, likely pissed in. I didn't recall pissing in them and now contemplated whether or not I should put them on or what.

The dream changed completely and became sewer themed and we were underneath that same 2 story duplex but bleh so fucking blurry now, I only really remember a fat black gay kid getting all defensive when someone makes fun of him, but then later he inherits the offensive trait during another meeting with some people.


2) This dream was just last night, the others were over the past week or so: I was in japanese class (wtf? never once been in it) and I hadn't done a single piece of homework for the entire semester. I figured I had a 0% and just sat there and shit. I had my "safe" (the one currently in my closet) in the closet of that classroom and got some kind of weird japanese seaweed food out of it and closed it up and went back to sitting in my desk. The teacher did call on me about something during the class, but I told him I didn't have any answer. We had a decent relationship, the teacher and I. He knew not to take my apathy personally. He reminded me of my 10th grade math teacher (where I first met Nick <3), I forget his name though. I remember feeling/being dirty and unshowered in the class. My hair standing up and shit and me just not giving a fuck. I related my hygiene to my grade in the class.

Either after japanese class or still during it, I tried to remember my next class but for the life of me couldn't. I even in the dream analyzed it so hard that I realized "hmm wait a minute, I've never taken japanese in my life..." (but then ended up doubling back: "well, I'm in it now"). It felt like my brain was broken: I knew what came after THAT class (Art with Tanner), but no matter how hard I tried I couldn't remember what it was. In the hallway after Japanese class still trying to figure out where to go, I see Tanner walking down the hall with 2 bitches hanging on his arm (pimp). BTW this is 2nd cousin BY ADOPTION tanner (actually technically they are both adopted, but uhh well yea this one was adopted as a newborn). I asked him what class I had, and weirdly he pulled out some notebook and skipped to some page where he for some reason had my schedule(?) written down and told me that I had math next (may have been something else, but math jumps out at me). After parting ways to go to my math class, I for some reason doubled back and asked him if he and his 2 bitches would like to ditch the rest of the day. I invited one of the two bitches myself: she was your average beautiful brunnette (though nameless) and we stared into each others eyes as we communicated (was pleasant). Even though I kind of intruded on Tanners pimpin' (both were his :-P), all 3 of them agreed to it and we left. I recall a scene with the school parking lot security guard, but can't remember any details (in high school I used to drive by the guy all the damn time when ditching, he'd be waving and screaming stop and I'd just drive by emotionless/staring-straight-forward pretending not to see him off to the side :-P (weird, I never did get in trouble for that (but did get in trouble by him for other stuffs))). We 4 drove out to the desert or some river or something, I really only remember the terrain being kinda rocky(had:rocket) and finding a relatively flat-but-still-slanted (flat as in not bumpy, but slanted maybe 10 degrees up) where I'd hopefully lay down and make out with the girl whose eyes I looked into earlier.