0) Magnetic colon binding, forced trust relationshipb building
1) Half face closet
2) Business safe lawyer lady laughing in shower
3) Hannah colbert


0) Two dads were separated from their kids by force. The setting seemed kind of like an airport (but did not take place on/around/near airplanes). Each human was caught/bound by a magnet in their colon or some such. Hard to explain, but it sort of pulled them and slid around simultaneously. It pulled them near their own children, as if to show them to them. There was a 'string' of magneticity (lolwut) and only two said strings/lines/paths worth mentioning: one dad on each, and ~3 kids on each. Each dad had the other dad's kids on his string/line/path. So the two dads encountered each other as well when they saw their kids at that point where the strings/lines/paths came near to one another for a brief moment. Both dads were forced to put trust in each other to take care of their respective kids. Somehow eventually the string would end and the family's would rejoin (never got that far in the dream, was just 'known'). The dream mostly faded after this but I still thought about it for a while. The trust built from it would be real. From then on, they coud rely on each other as babysitters etc. I think that was the point of the system (which may or may not have been run by 'evil' AI), but I'm not sure.


1) Cali house, dark outside, and under attach by gunmen. Saw them out the window before they came near enough for shootan (they didn't have an AWP I guess :-P), so I ran and hid in fear of my life. I went in a closet that had a long hallway entrance. I pulled out my glock and tried to get ready for them (since they'd likely find me). I peeked around the corner looking down that same hallway and contemplated making my stand there. Nah, it relied on too much accuracy. The hallway was dark but the closet itself was well lit, so I backed around the corner and knelt underneath some shirts in a semi-random place. Aimed my glock at the corner they'd have to round, which was just 3-5ft away from me (much easier to aim) and waited. That half face guy from boardwalk empire came into the dream and shouted something or idfk something happend that made his presence known at the other end of the hall. He was on my side, yes, but there was still a little misunderstanding between us before we both knew who each other were. I can't remember if it was me to him or vice versa, but one of us shouted to get the other to identify themself. I think he shouted toward me. He had his gun drawn and aiming down the hallway ready to fire. Since I announced who I was, he dropped his guard. The gunbattle never came (dream ended before it could).


2) I was storing some docs (the FILES ;-P) in a safe at a business office. I sold that business. Some lawyer lady was taunting me somehow, can't remember what she said. I needed to go get those files and wondered about the legal bullshit surrounding whether or not those files were still mine. I wondered if I had already fucked up and had accidntally just given her/them all the files (incl 'copyrights' etc). She did at some point threaten me with legaleze, but it may have been for a different issue. I was in the shower somehow at this time and laughed at her in my demonic laugh, "hahaha you're coming at me with law?!?!?!?", an extremely subtle threat for violent retaliation.


3) I thought it was Hannah at first, but wasn't. I thought she got on the colbear repore (fuck yo T nigga) for years of her comic. It was two other business ladies instead, they were wearing black dress business suits (mb the skirt kind).. and still kinda reminded me of hannah regardless. One was already sitting, and then the other sat down next to colbert on a couch next to his own couch/chair. As she sat, she calmly reached her arm over his armrest and placed her hand on his crotch. Colbert said nothing but made a surprised face as he thought of what to say in response. A few moments pass and he says "well at least you're the hotter of the two". The audience laughs at his joke.