Dreams:
Night before night before last:
0) lance sky diving, kaylee sit talk (picture with my shirt)
1) cali hill pool (back spin, fall in no comp bro back 1.5)

Night before last:
2) bailey jay server butt jeans bf/hubby discharge

Last night:
3) meth brandon silver(fake?)
4) black racial assumptions by police, matt homer died, district 9 "his own little world" spoon fork bomb, politician lady, 2 kids become copies (big head)


0) Lance and Freddy and I were chillen in I guess WA and we decided to go sky diving. We were researching places and I recall lance making a joke that we shouldn't pick a place that's TOO cheap (for obvious reasons), the way he said it was realistic. It changed into Arby and I going sky diving and it was Arby's mum Robyn who was going to fly the plane. We took off from a freeway. She said something along the lines of "this isn't going to be a very long flight". I recall taking off twice. The first time was normal and uneventful and I don't even remember it. Then she said the previous quote and then I looked forward again (from?) and saw we were still on the freeway ground going really fast. She then pulled up really hard and we were going at almost a 90 degree angle now. We didn't climb very high before she started doing backflips in the plane, which I thought was strange and not something she'd do. Even weirder, she kept doing backflips more and more and more, and each time she did one the flip became "smaller" (tighter) and we additionally lost altitude and were closing back in on the freeway we had just left. I said something along the lines of "don't kill us/me" but by the time I even muttered whatever I muttered, we had maybe 1-3 seconds before we crashed. Somehow since we were passengers/behind, Arby and I walked away unscathed (damn I love that word). Robyn was laying on the freeway and I scrambled to get over to her lane (I was tossed to the side from the crash) so as to block traffic from running over her body, waving my arms in the air etc. The traffic came to a stop and I remember one car passing everyone else "on the side" and me feeling pissed at them and cursing at them as they drove off (they couldn't hear me). There was a point when Robyn stood up and took a few steps and said she was fine. I guess it was just her adrenaline because all of us (the looky-loos and Arby and I) knew she was not alright. She fell again and the dream gets blurry here and I think blends in with the walk through desert coming later (idfk), I went to go look for help (police/ambulance) and the journey was far for some reason... I tried to use other people's phones and idfk what the fuck happened in the meantime but yea I do remember once I arrived back at the scene, a helicopter ambulance was already there.

So the walk on the desert path is extremely blurry, I think gerard may have been there but there was definitely a group of 10 or so people, none of whose names I remember. Kaylee was there at one point and I remember sitting and talking to her on the side of the dirt path. Idk what we talked about but I do remember just feeling good and shit. It's funny that some of the most enjoyable moments in my life are dreams. Idk she just comforts me (see doc later about oedipus). There was a point where I looked at a picture taken of me and the group walking along the path and I was fake-crying (attempting to be funny) on some black guy's shoulder. I remember a small semi-colorful logo that looked kind of like a video game company on the center of my black shirt (presumably I was the owner of said company).

Oh this just came back to me not sure what night but I remember my parents having set me up with a small house thing and it was just an awesome feeling having space to myself. There was a pool in the backyard and high enough walls to keep the eyes out, despite being overall a pretty small house (idc). I was to launch there I guess.


1) Maybe a continuation of (0), we went to cali and my dad was driving. For some reason that doesn't make any sense in hindsight, he got lost and out of anger started speeding ridicously fast up some hill. I got pissed because I was scared of crashing. Eventually remembered he finally has a smart phone and then I talked shit on him for being so stupid to not use his GPS. We got directions to our cali house and on the way saw a pool with a high dive. It was pretty crowded and while walking in through the front gate I saw some girl do a weird looking spin off the high dive. She started backwards as if to do a backflip/dive, but just did a 1080 or idfk how many, and she also like squatted and kicked her legs out and held her arms out while she did it. I was talking to my brother some time later asking him if he can do a back 1.5 (I just learned this like a month ago woot (there's a vid with no timestamps fuck it)). I was trying to explain to him that the timing of it is just like a front 1.5, so to mimic that only backwards. Some football rolled my way as/before I explained this, I leaned over to grab it and give it back to them but then fell in the water. I didn't have my computer in my pocket so I didn't give a shit.


2) At some restauarant with maybe whole family but my bro at the very least, our server is bailey jay. While talking to my bro I say she's hot and he says "you think she's hot? that's a dude dude... I saw it on <insert most popular social networking site of 2014>". I pretended to not have already known, idfk why but perhaps to illustrate that traps can be hot and it's silly to all the sudden change your mind once you find out their a dude. Later on she sat down next to me in the booth and was wearing jeans. I pinched her butt, but she said something along the lines of "uhh I have a bf/hubby" and pointed to him outside. He was with a group of people standing (who were also eating there) and he was wearing some kind of green jacket. A gap and then later we were somewhere else, perhaps my cali house's garage. I for some reason now was going to get to fuck her (perhaps she talked it over with her hubby). She said something about the discharge (ejaculation) being different. We used a weird kind of thick lube (white) that felt pretty damn good. It was like crusty and gushy at the same time. The fucking felt great and I remember waking up, doing a reality check to make sure I wasn't moaning/thrusting/etc with my parents able to hear me in the other room (fml), then going back to sleep and resuming the fucking!


3) Some meth deal of a lifetime or a valuable amount of meth. Two pieces, one looked fake and had some silver foil or something on it to make it look more real? I actually don't know what meth looks like (crystals?) but in the dream it looked kinda like a black rock thing that could chip easy. Brandon and others wanted to steal the meth from me because it was worth so much. I remember eating a piece of it and the taste was unlike anything I've tasted before.


4) This is all one giant dream that kept changing to different themes: started off realistic with cops arresting black people because they are black. An innocent popular kid in a neighborhood caught up in the mix. Towards the end of this theme, I recall him realizing that he knew who the real culprit was (someone was always one step ahead of being able to rob some valuable shit idfk what), it was the quiet evil kid upstairs who wasn't "involved" with anything. He had cut a deal with the police themself. Different theme: was talking to matt and he said he hadn't seen the final season of the simpsons. I was surprised because I had flashbacks of him during childhood telling me he liked the simpsons and shit. I tried not to spoil the fact that homer died while still trying to get him to watch it. Another blurry thing was trying to find a menu in some video game (matt was still in this scene but idfk how), and realizing I had backed out too far and was not looking at a list of stored-to-hdd-on-modded-vg-console games instead of the in-game menu of whatever I was looking for. New theme: district 9; I think we drew first blood but there was a time where there was no violence. One of the soldiers with a grudge killed an alien who was minding his own business. Some other more moral guy yelled at him and said "he was minding his own business in his own little world when you killed him" (I envisioned that little world as just a realm of thought etc. The alien was an "old man walking" slowly, but in his head was another entire universe pretty much. The aliens were prepared for us to become violent and had been secretly preparing weapons (just in case) in one of our old/abondoned towns, sort of like a ghost town. They dropped off a weird looking bomb made out of forks and spoons and some other metal pieces inside (it was mostly surrounded with forks and spoons. they were the shrapnel). It was not chemically explosive, only errr "springy force shit" (bent metal locked into place). There was a voice recording inside/attached and it said in a funny sounding alien voice (kind of in the same voice as that one move where kevin kostner fucks an alien because they are stranded on a planet together and then he falls in love with the kid because the dad/mom dies and the kid goes into slavery but gets rescued and blah -- THAT voice of the mom/dad before he got owned by his own kid being born).. the voice said to try to figure out which of the two spoons or forks were higher or lower than the blah I don't fucking know. It was just something to try to confuse whoever it was being used on.. trying to lure any dumb humans a few steps closer before exploding. Was sitting there for just a few seconds before it "popped"/exploded and sent the forks and spoons flying everywhere (btw they were OUR forks/spoons from that deserted town ofc -- one man's trash is another alien's weaponry). I recall humans screaming but not any visuals of people getting died. The bomb was set next to a series of stores that were wooden like cowboy era, and inside the store it was next to (since we were at the very end = just one) was some fat ish lady sitting doing idfk what desk work. She may have been a politician but idk. She let out a scream and came out of the building and she had been hit by a fork or spoon on her back underneath her right or left shoulder.

This next part was by far the coolest, so gets its own paragraph: We had killed a few aliens but somehow they had extra/reserve life available and got up and started begging someone to let them make a copy of themselves into them. They seemed desperate and crazed: they knew if they didn't make that copy soon that their genetic code would be lost forever. They said "we need to make one copy", although of course more than one would have been ok. They crawled/stumbled around weakly and you could hear the desparation in their voice; we knew they weren't a violent threat anymore (at least not immediately ;-P). I saw two of them able to make that copy, but only the second one I remember vividly (the first one was different in some way): he found a kid who was maybe 7-9 years old standing next to his mom. They both looked like they had just come from church. Idfk why the mom didn't resist/etc, but the kid opted into allowing himself to be[come] the copy. The kid held out his left hand but the alien said he needed his right hand instead to do [something (some fancy word damn I wish I could remember it)] -- basically as they shook hands the alien was going to inject a/some tiny needle[s] from himself into the kid and that's how teh copy would be made. Right into the kid's veign as they shook hands or whatever. The kid looked nerdy and had glasses and a big head. Just like they say dogs look like their owners, this kid looked like the alien that copied into him. After becoming an alien or whatever, he now had electric powers and was a brainiac -- his head now unhumanly large and his glasses probably fell off from the growing. He made a sort of evil but happy laugh as he gained [some incredibly long period of time] years of knowledge in just a few seconds. I wondered if he'd now kill his mom -- she unneeded because she is he.. but he skipped a ton of generations of evolution whereas she didn't. I have no idea if he killed his mom or not, that's just a thought that went through my head. I kind of hoped that he'd still love her.