0) Hannah bed/toilet
1) Hannah troll machine (superimposed)
2) College hallway, stay in college forever (never enroll), top-down view of dorms on river (large area)
3) Interracial couple, black leader throws me into air because of brush, balls of feet
4) 3 Fat chicks funeral(?)
5) Lucid baseball
6) Mom papers gutter
7) Highschool forever (no pressure), box glenn
8) Raft in nam', waterfall, sneak up on guy in bunker, shoot him in head, throat
9) OT: shock


0) In the college hallway, Hannah knew one of the people in one of the first doorways (opposite end the side the stuff from (1) is at). So she and 2 friends were chillin having a pow wow on the bed and I felt half uninvited to join them. Barged in anyways since I was walking with Hannah anyways, lept on the edge of the bed and stuck my head down in a tight space between the bed and (either the sink (next to the toilet) or the toilet). It felt kind of like a bondage thing, felt nice and snug on my shoulders while I was propped upside-down like that. One of the three walked out into the hallway and jokingly announced that I needed either an ambulance or the police (leaning towards ambulance). It was clearly a joke just to get her dorm neighbors to come look at me in that position, but she said it too realistically for my tastes so I came down from there and said "none of that" and defused the situation before it became one.


1) The same college hallway, felt like we were walking "back" from the other side this time. And it happened twice, once really fast and once much slower. The room looked portable, you could walk around all 4 sides of it in the hallway. The first time I encountered the troll room (machine?), I was near running and didn't stop. I did notice something slightly off about the room I was momentarily in, but that's about it and I kept running. The second time I like stopped in it for a little while and became even more curious and wanting to stay in it longer and longer the more it tried to fuck with me. The walls could move, closing the entrance you came in through off from you. Mirrors could appear on the walls as a whim. Mirrors did appear and flashing lights and noises; I saw my face superimposed on Hannah's body (or maybe I have that backwards, her face my body... idk). I knew I was being trolled and I liked it, so I just stared right back into the mirror in a pretty relaxed (though entertained) state. I later talked to the guy operating it (wizard of oz style) and told him I liked it etc. The reaction it gave other people was hilarious at times. I think I may have even joined him as an employee, helping to troll people.


2) I was in that hallway for what seemed like a long time. Years, if you count brief/frequent temporary leaves. I recall saying to someone (mehraj?) that I'd be in college forever, but I'd never re-enroll :-P. Later I got to see the floor plans of the dorms from one of the admin's computer screens. All the dorms were lined up along a river and seemed much larger than real dorms are. The individual dorms were color coded on the screen, and the occupant's name was printed on top.


3) Just north of Guadalupe, and east of Val Vista. Easter than that shopping center, in the first neighborhood after it. I am walking south to Guadalupe to walk along it's sidewalk west towards that shopping center, I pass by an interracial couple (she white, him black). I pass by them by about 20 feet, still have a little bit further to walk before reaching Guad, but then I stop and pause and look at them and wait for them to pass me up (coincidentally, they're going to the shopping center too). Even while I see them walking passed me, I wonder why I am even stopped. I don't know these people. Well they pass me up and I do follow (keeping my distance) into the shopping center (we go to different stores). Much later in the dream, and it doesn't even seem like the same dream except for it taking place in roughly the same area, I and like 3-4 others happen to all walk by each other at the same time (us all going in different directions). Moments later I'm confronted by some guy who I know to be a black gang leader (not same guy from the couple before. this guy was on The Wire I think). He says "you did that on purpose", and I don't even know what he's talking about but can infer that he thought I pushed him or stepped on his toe while we happened to be passing each other by. Oh btw he didn't just confront me verbally, he like threw me waaaay up in the air somehow with super strength. I landed it, and because I did was able to defend myself. Told him assertively I didn't know what he was talking about. Knew if I couldn't convince him, I'd get my ass kicked and/or killed. The dream sort of took a tangent in thought and I thought about how while I was defending myself I was on the balls of my feet (leaning forward). Someone more whimpy (or perhaps more guilty?) would be on their heels (leaning backward).


4) 3x fat chicks gave a speech at I think was a funeral. I think it was a funeral but I don't remember anyone specifically dying. I have no idea what it was. Anyways their speech was honest/sad and they said that they more or less said that they were lonely. I think the three were triplets, idk. After their speech, they walked single file out of the door of the place they had just given the speech. I joined their single file line, with me at the front. I held onto the one right behind me by her waste/arms, she did the same to the one behind her. Despite my being at the front, they were leading. We walked pretty slowly, like the speed that funeral from the James Bond on Martigras (street?) went before they all start dancing. We walked around a hotel, through the hallways and up stairs etc. I thought maybe they were walking me back to my room. When we got to a somewhat high floor we came to an edge without railing and they pushed me off. I only had time to turn around and grab the arm of the one right behind me, which hilariously caused all 3 of them to fall. Either that or they were planning on jumping anyways (but they screamed (I didn't, despite fearing for my life ofc. and ofc woke up right when I would have hit the ground), so...). I realized that they blamed me for their loneliness. Not exactly sure how, but I think it was something along the lines of their friend wanting to hang out with me more than them.


5) This through (7) took place much later in the night (lots of waking up and going back to sleep in between). Now it was a high school instead of college. There was still fighting in the air, idk why but lots of people wanted to kick my ass. I walked down near baseball practice and became lucid. I was just watching them play (from the outfield (there was no fence, and that was the way to get there from the school area)) and it was a wonderful display of color. I lost the lucidity for a little while, but then was able to regain it by will!!! I thought abut a baseball diamond from top-down, the field being black and each base being white. Then I simply tried to reimagine the colorful visuals from the outfield and the movement of each player playing. It worked and I even still had the visual of the top-down black/white field in half my head for a few moments... before I forgot about it and the dream was ONLY lucid colorful baseball. The lucid dream lasted a while, seemed longer than most. I walked all the way around the backstop and over to first base (I had started in left field). I joined the game at a whim since I knew it was just a dream. I ran around the bases starting from first base, and eventually was tagged out at home.


6) My mom was a teacher and she had picked me up from school I think. We were walking along something that kinda resembled the venice canal (or at least some small canal). Two of her papers fell out of her hand and into the canal. We walked over to go collect them, I feared that an alligator/crocodile might bight my arm off as I stuck my hand in the murky water. The paper sank before we got close enough to it. I was too afraid to try to feel along the bottom for it.


7) I recall thinking similar to that college hallway: I'd just stay in high school forever (or, much longer). Enrolling was free, and I'd just halfway pay attention to the material being taught, blowing off homework because fuck it. I knew a high school degree is meaningless, and I knew all I had to do at any moment was sign a piece of paper saying I'm dropping out (since I was well above 18). Because of this understanding, there was zero pressure. I was there to learn what I could from halfway paying attention, but I didn't feel the pressure to succeed/gruaduate like a normal high school student does. But still somehow a lot of the dream seemed to be about fighting. There were a group of dudes that wanted to kick my ass (all at the same time). One of them was Glenn. Idk how, but eventually during PE the teacher saw that people were trying to fight me, and idk how but eventually a boxing match would be put on by the PE teacher. I might have even used the whole "you afraid to fight me 1on1?" line... in order to not get jumped. I don't remember even actually boxing, but I knew I had a much better chance at it.


8) This dream happened twice also, the second time right before I woke/got up. Was floating throught he jungle on a [yellow, inflatable] raft on a river. It was just me on the raft, but footsoldier teammates were nearby. I approached a waterfall and was afraid of going down it (might be too high, might tip, etc). I had to keep quiet so there wasn't much I could do about it (I think maybe one of the footsoldiers had the remote to control the raft). I went down the waterfall alright, and was now in a pond thing. I got out to survey the area, and by sheer luck snuck up behind one guy in a bunker. He was looking the other way, so I was able to take him without any gunfire. Blurry: something about "mobile air" being active/delivered (helicoper?), I was able to talk to all the soldiers in the area via radio now... and it wasn't dangerous. Idfk. I made some joke over the air, or said something to my prisoner and his response formed a joke, idfk. Some other soldier came on and said "was that you?" or something, complimenting(e? the one that means he liked it) my joke. It came time for me to kill him (it was known I would all along), and he knew it too. I shot him in the head. Both of us fell down at the same time. The camera angle was third person, so it looked like both of us got shot. We both fell to our knees, but he then fell flat on his stomach sooner. I then fell on my back and I guess you could call it wheeping, just lay there with my eyes closed and looking almost dead as well. The guy with the bullet in his head was more active than I: somehow it didn't kill him instantly. His eyes were rendered useless, you could tell he was only able to squirm a bit... and somehow he still could move his arms and feel around. He felt around and felt my body next to his. He knew who it was and he reached for my neck and tried to kill me by strangling me with one hand. It was clearly the last desperate attempts of a dying man, and my teammate soldiers who were watching it happen didn't even try to stop it (the guy was far too weak to do any damage). He had anger in his face as he tried to stangle me (despite my eyes being closed, the 3rd person camera showed it).


9) OT, didn't really happen last night except maybe when those 3 girls pushed me off the ledge (while in the air). I don't think I've ever been unable to move from "shock" IRL, but I can think back to hundreds/thousands of times where my body feels completely locked up and unmoveable just because of fear: each time in a dream. Maybe I have been in shock IRL and have just forgotten, but it seems like most times are just in a dream. I somehow consider that shock to be just as real. Feels real.