0) Plane barrel roll
1) Dick
2) Mysterious tw drag, queen carriage, false writing
3) Soccer 37/38, Matt bowling


0) I was standing I think in my curent house's [back?]yard and there was a plane flying up above. It was doing enormous barrel rolls, much larger than any I've seen a plane do. So large in fact that the entire sky within my view was only enough for the plane to do about half of a barrel roll. It went behind a nearby building out of my view, and I wondered if it crashed into the ground or was going around the earth. I walked a ways until I saw where the ground and the sky where it vanished met. It was the nearby lake and right at that spot there appeared to be an object in the lake emitting a plume of white smoke. I thought it was the plane. I saw a man sprinting ridiculously fast towards it, and became even more certain it was the plane. Once I got there (maybe I skipped or some shit (lol probably walked, maybe ran, but definitely didn't run as fast as him)) and talked to the guy, he told me it was just some failing electrical machinery that he was repairing. I told him I thought it was strange that he'd run SOOO fast just for his employer. Told him I'd only maybe run that fast if someone's life was in danger.


1) Was playing cards or something with my dad and maybe mom too, started to or was planning to watch one of those poker movies (plot variety) where they count cards etc. My dad said he'd be interested in watching it too, so I spent a little time putting it on a thumb drive for watching on the family room TV. I guess I was in my room alone during the transfering (or maybe just for some other reason), playing with my dick and jamming and twisting it in between my legs and back towards my anus (I've tried to fuck myself before with no success). My dick ripped in half (really about in the middle, yea. Two equal length parts remained) and I was shocked to hold the tip-half of my dick in my hand. My dick was thicker than normal, in between a brautwurst and a summer sausage. At first I was fascinated by this new "trick", but the excitement quickly wore off after I realized that licking/touching the detached half brought me no [physical] pleasure. The tear was not bloody at all, in fact there was no blood and it looked like a fully healed "nub" that you see on many amputees. I planned to stick my dick up my ass, but that was for later on, after I tried to reattach it.

Oh backtracking here. Right after it fell off my mom ran up to my door fully naked and more brunette than usual; she told me we'd watch the movie some other time (was this my subconscience giving me time to analyze my missing wang?). During that conversation I held the detached penis in between my thighs squeezed together.

Both halves of my penis remained flexed and 'twisted' a tad (no more than 180 degrees). It reminded me of the Dr. House episode where the guy is still clenching the hand grenade. I tried to unflex and untwist the half of my dick still attached, but it stayed tucked back towards my stink hole, flexed, and slightly twisted. I placed the detached half back into position, hoping it would magically reattach (or at the very least, I'd get some feeling back). No luck. The detached half was slowly getting softer and softer, and I knew purple would come soon. The still attached half started getting numb where the rest of the penis used to be (this messed with my mind, somehow I expected the numbness to "originate from" (geographically speaking) the detached half I was holding in my hand), and a terrible feeling crept over me because I knew that that numbness was all there would ever be.

The dream was incredibly realistic. I thought it was really happening and that it was just a weird sexual accident (tugging too hard). Goes without saying (but I'll say it anyways suck my COMPLETELY THERE dick) I was relieved as fuck when I woke up.


2) I think there may have been another dream almost as awesome as (1) during the same night (all of these are same night), and I tried ridiculously hard to remember all 3 of them ((3) (the 4th), came waaay later and like moments before I got out of bed). I kept re-remembering (0) and (1) because I didn't want to forget to write them down (and I'm very glad I've remembered/written (1) :-D). Still I feel like I forgot one of the three. I tried to re-remember it and the best I can do right now is that it was a teeworlds drag metaphor dream. Perhaps sitting on top of a large carriage with a queen and someone nearby gets kidnapped. But also maybe I made these dreams up while trying to remember what was really missing (OR, nothing was missing and I only temporarily forgot (1) and then had new dreams trying to remember (1)). I also think maybe there was a better ending to (0) -- I thought it was much more interesting but now sounds kinda boring (especially compared to (1)). I know for sure I "made up" and "forgot" at least one (completely separate of any I've mentioned so far) dream while trying to remember other dreams. I woke up and went back to sleep many times last night, maybe 5-10. Each time I'd try to convince myself to get up and fucking write them... but was too tired so I just refreshed them by thinking about them again. I even dreamt about writing the dreams, which sucks when you wake up (Directly equivalent: writing dreams when you're awake/alive, then dying).


3) Was in some place kind of like a bowling alley of sorts. There was arcade machines and a basketball hoop arcade game. I might have played it. I remember seeing hanging up on the wall there were soccer balls for sale. A soccer ball without black dots (so just plain white) cost $37, and a soccer ball with black dots cost $38. I lol'd. Somehow got into the bowling part of things, I think my friend was the owner of the place. After 1 or 2 real bowls that were completely fail (one not even on the tracks, one just a huge miss), I jokingly slid on my stomach towards the pins. The friend/owner cautioned me to stop, and I planned to anyways. Used my rubber toe'd shoes to stop right in front of the pins/machine (looked like a gutter (not the bowling kind of gutter, the street kind) hooked up to a giant metal machine where the pins went in after you knocked them down). There was more and more wax on the floor the closer you got to the pins, and when right next to the pins it looked like a few inches of snow! I turned back and saw that I had set a bad example. Now, tons of people (who came out of nowhere) started running on the lanes and up towards the pins/pin-collector-machines. Childhood friend Matt was one of them. He was running towards me from the side, so that he was basically next to the pins/machines as he stepped over each lane. He slipped on some "snow", and was quickly gobbled up (he slid right in) by the pin gutter eater machine. I asked my friend/owner what would happen to him in there, they said "he will die". I told Matt to hold onto anything he could and tried analyzing some way of getting him out of there. He replied, "I'm dying!". I wasn't sure how he was able to reply: how was he not dead ALREADY and yet his death was still such a guarantee?