Dreams:
1) Jordan
2) NY/Jeff, in/out, ESB 'up'/down, force up, never make it, emergency room, gap, fat guy model airplane, shot as ashton kutcher


1) My sister's high school friend Jordan was walking along/up a street to her house, presumably after school. There was tons more to this dream, I was wandering around streets for some reason I can't remember, but towards the end I happened to turn onto her street just behind her and I ran/walked-fast to catch up to her and start talking to her. Asked her the usual bullshit smalltalk about if she had a good day etc. She seemed to eat it up and be glad someone was asking (lol), but I as usual couldn't hold the conversation any longer than a minute and after some very basic/lame attempts to communicate, asked her bluntly if she wanted to hook up. I simultaneously leaned in and grabbed her butt. She said no and well that was it.


2) All of the sudden (don't think is connected to (1), but might be) I'm walking around in New York with Jeff. Maybe driving but definitely walking at some point. Just like catching up and glad to see Jeff and eventually I'm like "hey wait a minute Jeff, why don't I remember a plane ride or driving here? I think this is a dream". He's all liek "wtfz?" n stuff and idk acted just how I'd imagine jeff would ask if I were to say such a thing :-P. I grew more and more confident that it was a dream (so it became lucid), but was only ever 99% confident. We started walking towards the Empire State Building (where he works) after I asked him if he'd get me up top [without waiting in the lines etc]. While walking there I even told him that this was my best/favorite lucid dream, but in the back of my dream head I was thinking that nah it really wasn't (moon + daphodil by far), but it was still very vivid and length. I would say that it was my 2nd favorite lucid dream, but not because it was eventful: just because it was so vivid and lengthy. The fighter jet + beach one was 'more fun', but not nearly as vivid/lengthy/aware as this. Idk why I lied to Jeff, but it seemed my reason was so as not to hurt his [dream] feelings (LOLOL?). Right around this time, I started analyzing the lucid dream and comparing it with others too much and woke myself up. No matter, I closed my eyes and relaxed and was back into it in a matter of seconds/minutes (in fact that happened multiple times throughout the [later blurry] dream, though this was the first time). I was still talking to Jeff about the fact that it was a [lucid] dream (now 100% confirmed), but this time I said "don't ask" and sort of chuckled when thinking/discussing the intimate details of how/why I knew it was. I was pretty sure that if I thought about them again, I'd wake myself up again.

We started walking up some employee entrance staircase that merged with the regular staircase after not many floors, idfk why we were taking the stairs but I think an elevator was out of the question (yet, 2 appear later on wtf?). I was still lucid and excited to see the night (even though it was day when walking around) sky line from the top! I was also excited to jump off ;-P (I'm starting to think this habit may be long-term dangerous (thinking-i'm-dreaming-but-not, sleep-walking, tripping-balls)). As we're walking up and I'm either talking about that or thinking about it (w/e), I start to realize we're actually walking DOWN stairs and am like "wtfz?". I try to get a hold of myself/the-dream and this time I make sure that each step I took was "up". The dream fell apart not long after this point, but I remember at some point looking out a window and seeing smaller buildings still at eye level and thinking "bleh long ways to go".

Later the dream reconnected (lucid? idk) and Jeff showed me like a "panic room" for the building. Press a button and you have like 2 seconds to get in before the doors shut. Once in, you come out from underground and it's like an outdoor elevator on one concave portion of the ESB. Pretty large elevator though and slightly resembled a UFO (circular), but not much (plus I was inside it so idk). It went about 1/4 of the way to the top and that was it's maximum. It then slowly went up/down along the pole (not wire) and Jeff explained to me that the reason it did so was so that it/we could detect small earthquakes. Yes, the UFO elevator was slow fucking the ESB's penis. I do remember seeing a view from here since there was glass on the sides of it (presumably bullet proof idfk).

Huge gap in the dream here and we're back on the inside (I think Jeff is now out of it) and maybe like 40 stories up and there's this fat guy with a model airplane and I tell him my usual "blah blah once I'm retired I'd like to get into that stuff; I like software blah blah blah" and he just doesn't give a fuck about what I've said and appears to wonder why I've said it (was trying to compliment his hobby I suppose). He was at/near/in-front of (but not always, saw him earlier in some other room) an elevator and either became or someone else came and shot me and idk what exactly I mean by this, but I was Ashton Kutcher as it happened. Died right there on the 40th floor in front of the elevator.


More codan dreams and tried to focus mainly on bitcoin pregenerated addresses organization into couchbase/abc2 and I know it's a relatively simple problem but I still couldn't solve it, though I think I got close. I recall facing one way in my bed thinking about one thing (?), then rolling over and facing the other way and sort of forcing myself (wanted to, so hardly forcing) to think about that bitcoin address problem. It has my undivided attention (while awake (my dreams still wander (and rightly so))), which is overkill for the problem :).