Dreams:
1) Ribbon Hall/Closet(?)
2) Mountain cat


1) A few nights ago I had a weird dream that I have to be careful about writing. An angry lady was speaking to a group of people and urging them to do something to me. She was a bitchy black girl and wanted results. I thought about how my odds looked bad in this day and age because of all the affirmative action going on. Sorry I have to be so vague about what I'm talking about, but your first guess is probably correct.

So we were in some weird room and it kind of reminded me of Dr. House's dream where he almost dies and there's some catchy tune going on and there's like steps and tophats and shit. Just the general theme of the two rooms was similar.

A bit later in the dream I am shown a hallway/closet (I forget which and that doc I wrote about security/hallways makes me forget even further) and a voice says something like: "what your life could have been will now be significantly less"... and I am shown a bunch of colorful ribbons strung horizontally (with sligh left/right tilts) in the hall/closet.... which demonstrates what my life WILL (fuck you, dream!) be.... and then the ribbons get cut and/or sucked into the wall and disappear... which demonstrates the significantly less life (what my dream is saying it will be (fuck you, dream!)).

Idk just kinda creeped me out and I wasn't going to write about it until I realized just now that I could censor it and still get the bulk of it. Freedom of speech my ass.


2) Last night/today had a fucking weird long dream. I did get drunk last night but surprisingly I still remember a lot of it. It was very time scattered and I thought I was awake multiple times... and I even tried to write the dream down in the dream.... which weirdly made me CREATE a new tangent in the dream. As in, the beginning of what I was writing had happened earlier in the dream... but then what I was writing became a new dream (I guess I forgot I was writing) and took a different path altogether.

Mountain Cat
Girls in a house (original path that is mostly forgotten) -- I have no idea what the 2nd path is lol, not even a keyword of it
Semi-distant cousin-thing sex request ("Am I dreaming?")
Blah can't remember anything else but I _KNOW_ there was more
If Caydon didn't come over earlier today, then there was a part where him/my-mom asked me while I was sleeping if he could use his computer and I said I didn't care
Oh shit a battle scene where I think the smartest move was to defect and hide in the battle lines just behind the enemy (or whatever team happened to be winning) -- I/someone hid in some castle/tower thing wtfz? -- this might have been the 2nd path?
Something dangerous happened (don't remember any further), I realize I'm dreaming but by then have left the dangerous thing (the dream collapsed), I try to "go back into" the dream where the danger was so I could confront it carelessly (it didn't work) -- not summarizing below because that's all I remember

Mountain Cat: I was on a tall hill/mountain and I think I had my cat cocoa with me and s/he (had:she) understood height. I had the cat in my arms and I took a step "forward" and like began sliding down the hill/mountain. I was able to stay balanced and I slid down the top lip (it leveled out for a bit after like 10 feet of sliding... but that was still pretty much the top of the mountain by comparison). The memorable part was that the cat was scared as fuck when I took that first step. I think it tried to jump out of my arms and possibly even clawed my arms some. It instantly went into batshit crazy mode... but I held onto it since I knew (or was pretty sure that) I wouldn't fall. After a few moments of sliding, the cat completely locked up. I had never seen such a stiff cat. Even when I reached the level'd out part, the cat wouldn't un-stiffen. It was as if it was in shock or something. It's muscled were all flexed and would not unflex. The cat felt hardened like a dead person (though I'm quite sure it wasn't dead). I set it down and there was even some other person that analyzed the cat and tried to get it to relax. I don't know who they were.

Girls in a house: Really blurry but I think I went down the mountain and journied across the lands to some fucking house with girls in it and blah I don't remember much... but this house might have also been where the following took place (though they were different girls):

Semi-distant cousin-thing: I thought for sure this was real life and we were just having a conversation but then she was like go do such and such task and I'll reward you with "this, because this is what you want/like".. and she like got up on a table and pointed at her vagina. It seemed very unrealistic for her to say that, but I didn't want to blow my chances so I stared at her face/eyes and with no facial expression and said monotonously: "am I dreaming?". It was a use of ambiguity. I really did wonder if I was dreaming... since it seemed so unrealistic... but then it also served as a sort of compliment. I stared at her face as my brain thought oh so hard to figure out whether or not it was a dream. She didn't respond or perhaps the dream fell apart before she could.