0) There was a raised room/building in the center of a parking lot, kinda of like a capitol building but only in the raised-ness aspect. This building was glass. The glass walls and roof lowered mechanically once you were inside and a switch was thrown. So me and a group of others were in there and we all had briefcases or something similar. The glass lowered and I guess our briefcases were 'registered' or scanned or fuck I don't know the dream wasn't really clear about it. Anyways, mine had been tampered with or something along those lines, and when the glass was lowered a module in my brain gave me pain. It was somehow all connected, but again this is blurry as fuck. I then left that building out into the vast world to try to find some culprit or something responsible for the whatever the fuck was going on with my tampered/fucked briefcase and pain in my noggin. I recall one of the other people in the glass room later on describing it to someone, his peer/coworker/boss, about how my own pain-in-brain module activated automatically. While leaving the parking lot to that place, more or less in the driveway of it, a car tried to run me over and I jumped the fuck over it to survive. I didn't stay vertical, but instead went horizontal and dove forward a little to give myself more height. I think I still managed to land on my feet too. So off I ran further and eventually I came upon two guys on [one] motorcycle. I'm not sure if they were trying to have sex with me or kill me buy I tried to jump over them to but since they were able to stand on the bike, my attempt failed. I literally woke up kicking both of my feet forward up into the air (or maybe down into the ground, depending how I was sleeping (I forget)) in my down sleeping bag (I'm pretty sure it was up into the air).


1) In an insane asylum of sorts, I was being unorderly in the hallways and the orderly chased me down to the end of the hall where a girl's room was. I got her to open it and convinced me to let her have sex with her. The orderly even let me have sex with her, but somehow he got in on the action too. He was black, and I could tell she wanted his giant nigger dick from behind way more than she wanted my skinny pen0r in her mouf. She had too much of a gag reflex, so I was forced into fucking her face softly and giving her breathing breaks etc. Meanwhile the orderly was pounding her nonstop. He came, and I was forced to stop without coming. Shit sucked. Later she and I became friends and I became a swedish boy with large circular teeth (like every swedish boy) and I found a secret route above the halways and rooms and dropped down into her room to hang out (I don't think it was sexual). She was even questioned once on why her roof latch thingo was left open, and she covered for me saying she periodically snuck out.


2) I had a false awakening in my tent/down-sleeping-bag. My finger was fucking fucked, I can't really recall the specifics but something about it bending all fucking weird and perhaps backwards idfk. Maybe both of my index fingers on each hand were stuck together? Idfk but eventualy I realized it made no sense and deduced it was a dream and it became lucid. I really wasn't comfortable being lucide in my completely zipped up down sleeping bag in my tent in the dark in the middle of nowhere... felt too claustrophobic. The only thing I did with my lucidity was decide to wake up, and yea it worked like a charm and I was glad to have my hands back xD.