0) Wagon diving board, eye neck X
1) Her


0) This was night before last. I found it interesting and wanted to write about it, but I stared at the empty notepad and couldn't recall it (but I did get those other dreams written at least). The moment I laid/layed in my bed last night to go to sleep, it came back to me. Contextual memory or something? Anyways: A wagon atop a high dive at freestone park (there is no pool there irl). I and 2 others are in the wagon, and it tips off the diving board and crashes into the water. I worry ima die/drown. The wagon was either a wagon or a suburban, maybe both changing whenever the fuck it felt like it. Luckily, it was definitely a suburban at the moment we hit the water. I thought about it's "crash ratings" and was glad I was pretty sure it wasn't going to collapse onto the three of us (guaranteeing our death) upon impact. Now the only challenge would be swimming out before drowning. I stood there and braced against the chairs in order to keep myself from hitting my head and getting knocked out.

Gap in the dream, that same wagon (now definitely a wagon) is strolling along. There's one guard and the rest of the occupants are prisoners (I'm one of them). Eh there's some scenes in the wagon itself about your typical power abuse (psych 101), zzz. Me and some other guy are sent out of the wagon to go on some random task, idfk what. Something about dragging a log, or maybe going to go pick up a log (and dragging it back). While we're out and about we see some other wagons with the same setup (the wagons just kind of went around in circles in random directions (all of the land is probably a prison)), and we also see some other prisoners on foot probably doing the same log-related task. One of them fucks with the guy I'm chained to, stabbing him in the eye with a cigarrete lighter that's been sharpened/shaped to have teeth at the end (I don't think it was even hot (o btw there was snow everywhere on the ground)). The guy I'm with lets out a scream. I thought of the perfect way to describe the scream: When Pullo and Vorenus from the Rome TV series are in the arena together (Vorenus saves Pullo), the very last guy that Vorenus kills is a "giant" (almost always is in these gladiator scenes lolol). The scream that giant lets out as Vorenus drives that mace handle (or sword or whatever) down through the giant's neck and into his torso... THAT scream (quite memorable and distinct and realistic imo (gj actor acting)). So yea the guy I'm chained to then counter attacks. I think he does the same thing back with the same cigarette lighter, but additionally carves an X on the back of the attacker's neck. The X was symbolic, sort of saying "property of [blah]". "I own you now". Tbh this seems off, the punishment/counter-attack doesn't seem extreme enough (he should have, and MAYBE did, gouged both of the guys' eyes out (Jesus always said: when someone hits you on the cheek, hit them back on both cheeks).


1) Was at some rich family's house, idfk who. Was eating a plate with meat (and other stuff) on it. Barbecue sauce. Was tasty. I set my plate down for a few moments and a fly landed on my food. I'm not sure if I swatted it away or what, but a girl around my age who lived at that house picked up my plate and made some remark about it (the fly). I think she then threw it away. I intended on continuing eating it (perhaps just eating AROUND the spot the fly landed on (but I hadn't thought that far)), but she took it before I had the chance. I vaguely recall walking around back and forth in the kitchen trying to find where she put the plate (I didn't look in the trashcan (and I wouldn't have gotten it out of there)) while everyone else stood around eating. I wasn't starving or anything but eh it was a tasty plate.

Gap in the dream. There was now a swimming part outside, but I don't remember much of that either. I think even some videogame conversation/etc with Arby. The dream went all over the place. I think there was a car trip back to my house through a beach neighborhood. At some point we were at the Becher's house. I seemed to be letting my love for Kaylee show loosely, and she seemed to be not caring and just laughing it off (as it should be). I intercepted her attention as she talked to her mom and just made silly dumb faces at her and mouthed "i love you" and shit like that. She was standing next to the mirror in their living room, and her mom and I were sitting on the couch in the middle. There was something strange about the mirror to the [my] left of her. Tiny squares of semi-black (windows into alternate universes?) were filled with faces of girls, I think all of them Kaylee (but her in different universes!). The black squares were a little less than 1ft on each side. There were maybe 5-10 of them strung along in a drooping horizontal fashion, and they seemed to line-up-with/aim-at Kaylee's face (standing there next to the mirror). More gaps in the dream, we were back at that rich family's house. David randomly said something along the lines of "[Kaylee] you're lucky I'm here to throatfuck you". To my surprise, she found that comment funny (I generally consider her a prude (OT: a pervert in pursuit of a prude is like a magnet trying to come together with another magnet of the same polarity)). I guess the dream's saying what I already know: I don't know her.