0) Purple bee
1) David cocaine


0) I was watching some rat-headed (MAYBE monkey headed, I forget) oversized bumblebees with purple in place of orange/yellow fly slowly along a river, perhaps downstream with it, towards an island/hill that was further down the way. They moved relatively slow and extremely steady (in a straight line); there was no buzzing sound. I'm maybe sitting on the bank of that river or maybe I'm on a boat on the river (idfk), and I extend my arm out and so that my hand is in the path of one of them (or maybe I just flat out touched it's face). The creature sped up a thousand fold instantaneously, swarmed around my wrist along my skin in a spiraling manner all the way up to my shoulder and perhaps even around my torso and head (it was going to fast I could barely see it). It may have even stung me, perhaps on the head but idk tbh.


1) David was on TV in a scene in that OJ simpson show (that hasn't yet air'd) and the whole scene sort of slowly transformed into slow motion and even though david wasn't front and center initially, he became from in center as the camera simultaneously slowed down time and also zoomed in (making the attourneys/etc who were 'close to the camera but off to the side' fall out of the view of the camera). I think david was sleeping, and maybe the entire courtoom was sleeping (no idea why). His head drooped forward even though he sat upright. His hand was active though: his hand was 'touching' at the back-seat-cushion, where there was a horizontal crack/cushion-divide in the chair (so there was like a lower cushion and upper cushion for the chair's backrest). His fingers went into that crack/crevice and his was 'pressing' upward on the bottom of the top cushion. His fingers pressed the bottom of that cushion sort of as if he were typing into the cushion. It made me think of a computer keyboard but also MusicFingers. I somehow found out (no idea how. maybe someone told me) that he was in fact gathering cocaine remnants off the bottom of the cushion, obviously for rubbing on his teeth and/or snorting.