0) T-Rex
1) Lindsy
2) Backflip down slanted asphalt road


0) A T-Rex on the loose in a city. Chased me and others. Was pretty scary not gonna lie. There was even a point where I was trapped in/under something that the T-Rex was standing on/crushing, just like that movie. I think we/someone eventually killed the T-Rex. Just moments later another one came. This second one was enormous. The first one was regular size, but the second one was the size of a smalls skyscraper. Weirdly, the second one was less dangerous [to me] because I just hid in the first floor of a sky scraper (one that he just stepped over), in like a cafe type area or whatever. He was far too big to crouch down and stick his nose in there. But I guess I admit if I were still outside like I was with the first one, the second would maybe have been the more dangerous.


1) First day of [high?] school and Lindsy Rhodes was in my class. We flirted and yea I woke up and tried to find her pix unsuccessfully (I think she's unlisted). There was a part where lots of us were playing catch back and forth with golf balls. I remember laying down near there but constantly lifting my head and checking to make sure a golf ball wasn't headed for me (I've had at least 2 occassions where baseballs hit me in the fucking face (srsly almost died both times, inches higher and I probably would have) while we were playing-catch/warming-up). I wrote on a golf ball that I later gave to her: "Can you swallow me? I am 7 inches centimeters long in diameter", and I struck-out the words "inches" and "long" so as to be not-very-subtle winky style. She replied that she could swallow up to 8! Whether she said inches or diameters in her response, I forget. There was a lunch scene and I wanted to ask her to sit with me, but she got pulled away to talk to some other girl before I could. I wondered if she wanted me to wait for her (or find her momentarily) and ask her, but wasn't sure. There was another guy in the class that I semi-befriendded. He reminded me of this guy I kinda was friends with in 9th grade, but I can't remember his name. He was a public school rebel (I was a private school rebel), so we got along but I could tell he was way more hardcore than me. I also wanted to sit with him at lunch, but idk for some reason didn't. I realized while standing in line for food that I had nowhere to sit (more specifically, nobody to sit with). I contemplated making "our own group" (I think with the other "sit withs", I meant "sit with THEIR group") of 3, but wasn't sure that was enough people to not be social outcasts and make it awkward for the other 2. Also wasn't sure the other 2 would get along with each other. I think I ended up doing my usual "wander continuously" thing, because as long as you look like you're going somewhere, you won't look like a loser :-P (another trick is to pretend like you are busy texting people (and never look-up/make-eye-contact-with-people-around-you)). I remember passing the small nerd group of ~5 and thinking I'll probably end up joining their group soon/tomorrow. The same thing happened when I switch schools mid-year 10th grade: it's how I became friends with Nick (Jeff's cool too, but Nick and I have more nerd in common)! And also how I met Suzy and lost my virginity <3.

So later and/or idfk how what, back in the classroom and the teacher singles me out and calls me gay. He gets a white piece of construction paper with a rectangle cut out in the middle of it, the hole was roughly the width of your face and about 3-4 inches high. He looked through it and at me in order to analyze whether or not I was gay. He passed that paper thing around to all the class members and all of them looked at me through the hole and said "gay". I said nothing in response, trying to keep my cool. He eventually asked if I wanted to look through it, and he got a circlular mirror from his desk area so I could. I looked through it and saw my eyes. Something was off about my image, hard to put your finger on it (GAY!). My response was "gay" as well, but I meant that the process itself was dumb/gay, not that I saw myself as gay. I realized maybe 5 seconds later that I had used the exact same word as every other class member/teacher, but tried my best to not make any reaction after realizing it. I also lowered the rectangle hole so that now I could see my mouth (and not eyes), although this doesn't make sense in hindsight because then my eyes would have been blocked by the paper. My response was "gay" as well, but I meant that the process itself was dumb/gay, not that I saw myself as gay. I realized maybe 5 seconds later that I had used the exact same word as every other class member/teacher, but tried my best to not make any reaction after realizing it. I think the teacher and each student also looked "at my mouth" by lowering the white paper as well, but idk blurry. My mouth looked off too, idk. I just tried to look natural but, as my brother so elegantly put it, I have a lot of nervous ticks. I realized after waking up that I finally got to look at myself in the mirror. It wasn't all at once so bleh I still want to do it again (I also wasn't lucid, so...). I think Lindsey also kind of lost interest or idk what. I recall the teacher saying "you already turned down another one?" (I think referring to a suitor, but I was guessing), and she said yea. Lindsy and I were still friends in the class at least, and she had just finished her homework for some other class and I said too loudly "Can I copy your homework? I'll let you copy one of my other ones". She agreed but as soon as she handed me the green piece of paper, the teacher who overheard it came over and confiscated it. This pissed me off: I hate when my own doings get friends in trouble. I would much rather it only be me. I glared at the teacher with anger and he picked up on it and mimicked my glare with words (predicting how I am feeling). I said nothing because knew it would only get me in more trouble. Later, I stole a picture of someone (family?) he had on his desk and hid it underneath one of the student's desks, like taped it to the bottom or whatever. I noticed another girl in the class saw me do it, and wondered if she'd rat me out. The teacher noticed it missing and made everyone stay in class until it was returned (similar thing happened in ASL in hs, I took (had:stole) Aerial's confiscated phone back for her, teacher made everyone stay and was planning on going through everyone's backpack: before she started I fessed up and gave the phone back -- got in trouble for it but at least Aerial didn't get in any [more] trouble (she didn't ask me to do it)). The teacher started looking everywhere and I thought it only a matter of time before that girl that saw me ratted me out. The teacher found the picture pretty damn quickly, and then I said to the girl that saw me: "damn, I wish it would have taken longer so I could see whether or not you were trustworthy" (or something along those lines). Another man, perhaps an administrator or something, was sitting near her when I said that and he said something to me along the lines of "you're interesting, steven" or fuck idk what. He said it somewhat sarcastically. I don't recall the girl who could have ratted me out saying anything at all, but I did get the impression that she was not going to rat me out, so she won at least some points with me (would have been more if it lasted longer).


2) Was walking down a asphalt hill and I wanted to turn around and perform a backflip. I tried with all my might to determine whether or not it was a dream. I concluded it was NOT a dream, but weirdly didn't have enough confidence in myself to..... wait what? If it was NOT a dream, why would I risk it? Idk but either way I was just like iffy on doing it, afraid of landing on my neck. I knew something was off about it (so I guess subconsciosly I knew it was a dream), and that something being off is the reason I didn't attempt the backflip. I woke up later and realized it was a dream. Two of these dreams happened, but the second one did not involve a backflip: can't remember what.