Dreams:
0) Out of bounds
1) Airplane


0) I had what felt like an out of bounds memory access in my brain. One idea in another idea's domain. One dream in another dream's portion of the brain. Reaching now: one blip of life in another universe. I was sitting and the walls raised and I think I saw people across the room which we were now more or less in the middle of, maybe coming down dark stairs against that same wall. It reminded me of a childhood experience going into my friend Collin's basement with him and finding toy bowling pins and toy bowling ball and us having a blast with them (and just the basement in general). It seemed like that same room but from a room within another room which had it's walls raised up to find me (and possibly Collin) sitting there chillen. Later after I had woken up I knew/realized what I had referenced "illegally" (in the computer sense "illegal operation" etc)... but I can't remember what it is.


1) An airplane crash where I survived by jumping out and pulling my parachute coord which was a white plastic halfcircle with holes cut into it for gripping. Another airplane crashed where I survive because we hadn't gotten very high yet. My grandma Tobey was flying. Right after we got off the ground we did a bunch of barrel rolls and crashed into some water. The dream was much longer and more detailed and I do remember a lot of it but might forget some bits, but those two airplane crashes seemed significant (had:portions of the dream). I think it was a family reuinion we were flying back from for the first crash. Maybe to. Heidi was there and as usual we did not speak in it. I think if I ever see her again (likely), I'll say nice to meet you. Doubt I'll say this part: Just because I think you're cute doesn't mean I know you since you were 5 the last time we saw each other. I thought that part up later after being awake, back to the dream. Uhh shit idk but dad wanted to leave in a hurry to get home to watch sports. I somehow tried to modify some situation to make it so we stayed longer because I felt good to be with family (not just Heidi). Before the second airplane crash happened, I spilled some coffee and was frantically trying to clean it up. Some guy that analyzed the plane and called us said that it was because some piece went out. It was supposed to be replaced every X years because it was known to fail every Y years (I think Y was > X, lol). Still, we didn't have the opportunity to ask if it could also be triggered by water damage, and so we all (myself included) continued to wonder whether or not it was the spilt coffee that caused the problem.