0) Roxann airsoft teeworlds regulars, snorkel mask, party leave
1) Think Geek store, 'rich', 2 bags black guys at bench and around corner (fall, "i'm dumb"), backtread basketball head bounce "okay" (my secrets make me more of a pussy than I would be)


0) This dream was from a little while ago (~5 days): Roxann and I met at some weird shooting game place, the closest thing it resembled was airsoft, but idk I don't remember it specifically being airsoft. It 'was' teeworlds in some sense (maybe not, maybe confusing two parts of the dream). There were some teeworlds regulars and I was surprised that Roxann knew them (she did once tell me she's played it). When we were starting a new [airsoft] round, we all got to pick masks off a table. Each mask was different (or at least, most of them were). I grabbed one that very much resembled a snorkeling mask: big oval area in front of eyes, not blocking your vision like a lot of the other masks did. The best mask of the bunch imo (I think this is my subconscious saying that I have a special perspective. I am spoiled and born at a crucial point in history, etc (I'm also somewhat smart)). Welp fast forward in the dream because I don't remember much else, there were hallways and houses and it was all a giant marketplace/mall of sorts (yes, the houses backed right up to the strip). There was a fancy house that I was in hanging out with some friends (girls) and they said they were gonna have a party. I was talking to the mom of the house at this point and said that if they had a party I'd leave. I didn't mean it as a threat and I explained that it wasn't. I explained that I just didn't like parties and that it was no biggy and I surely didn't want them to NOT have a party on my account (I'd feel bad if that happened). I left.


1) This dream just last night: I was in a think geek store and I loaded up on various misc electronics. I thought about how cool it'd be to spoil caydon with his pick of anything/everything he wanted from the store (and how such spoiling might.. err.. spoil him (you need to give the kids a desire to propell THEMSELVES forward)). The guy at the checkout said something along the lines of "you have enough money for all this?" and I kind of said yes and/or "I'm rich" [bitch]. I think this part of the dream was my subconscious warning me that if I take the private/safer(had:safe) life, I won't be able to use most of my money [without first laundering it]. Like I'll be rich, but the money will be unspendable xD. So while walking home with the two bags full of stuff, I see a group of black kids around my age or younger (teenagers). A few are standing and some are around a corner of a small building (like a public bathroom), some are sitting at picnic tables next to it. I get scared and as I walk up right next to them, my body locks up and I enter a state of panic and fear. I was afraid that I'd be jumped as soon as I became within view of the people around the corner (the unknown is always the most scary). While on the floor I explained myself to one of the kids sitting there who was looking at me somewhat confused (although he could easily read the fear in me and understand why: racist). He seemed pretty friendly in fact, kind of chuckled at the whole ordeal and I think he even commented on how he understood it (the words slip me). There was another guy sitting to his left and my legs sort of tucked under the part of the bench he was sitting at (where I fell). This guy did not turn around or say anything to me, and actually I could tell he was eyeballing me out of the corner of his eye. I knew I was making HIM scared (you'd be scared too if someone was crawling underneath the bench you're sitting on) and I was worried that this might trigger violence (self defence). I tried to get up quickly but my rigid body was hard to operate. It reminded me of how it's extremely difficult to run in dreams: it was similarly difficult to stand up and walk away. As I did finally get up, I said "I'm dumb" and I made sure to say it loud and clear so that nobody would mistake it for "you're dumb". I walked away (back the same way I came) and then veered off another route [home], this time onto a basketball court with two older black guys (this time right around my age (I'm small for my age so these guys were much bigger (not fatter, just a bigger build, more adultlike and buff I guess) than me). One bounced a basketball off my head, and I just replied like "ok" or "haha ok" or something. Obviously I wasn't happy with it, but I wanted to avoid conflict because I knew either one of them could easily kick my ass. I thought about this as I woke up, and really I think that my having an entire encrypted life makes me more of a pussy IRL. I avoid conflict because I know how vulnerable I am: could force me to tell them my password (etc) easily. I think if I was decrypted/public that I'd at least say "uhm wtf?" (but still in a I-dont-want-to-fight-you-but-seriously-wtf kind of way (speech is delicate)).