0) MGS
1) North Korea
2) Kill (twice), meth river
3) Kidnap


0) I was snake and prone in some area with trucks randomly parked here and there (airfield, warehouse, whatever idk). Mowing down nobs left and right with my M-60. Decided to give up, lay my head/arms down, and die by enemy gunfire. Meryll or Boss (the girl one in 3) came on the radio and told me to never give up. I kept on fighting. Arby woke me up moments later by knocking on my window quietly.


1) Downloaded "The Interview" for Arby/David before going to sleep for this dream (didn't/won't watch it). My not watching it allowed me to make up my own plot :-D. Six of us went in as doctors. Not sure if we were in SK or in "occupied by our team" NK, but there was war going on either way (so when I say I went into enemy lines, I obviously mean NK). The six of us understood and talked about how as long as we six stuck together, we'd be ok (no military fuckers could/would push us around -- not so if you are alone (<-foreshadowing)). Blah blah somehow I end up on my own much later on, and somehow I am shipped over to the enemy (sometimes they allow doctors to do that shit, so I've seen in movies/etc) temporarily. I think if I was still with the other 5, it wouldn't have happened. The enemy of course is mean to me, hard to explain how (I don't remember). They "hold" me, but give me the whole "you're free to leave any time you want" sphiel -- I am surrounded by jungle so need a jeep back to my side (which the enemy isn't providing). I accidentally leak some military intelligence, saying some high ranking guy is at some outpost. They calmly remark "so and so is there?"; wasn't till later I realized they had supressed delight. I finally take my chances in the jungle. Takes a day or two to reach that same base where "so and so" was. I come out of the jungle loudly with arms waiving so as not to be mistaken for enemy by my team. I see tons of men hiding in trees above their fences, obviously with their guns aimed towards me. I am accepted back into camp, but by now the enemy (same one I just escaped from) had taken it over. I see "so and so", and a few other high rankers, laying on the ground next to each other (dead). I cut my way through the politics and combat trying desperately to just leave. I see the same transportion (train or something, but somehow all the passengers were outdoors still) I came in on delivering a new batch and taking others back. I'm not "on the list" for that transportation, so I just walk by it planning to walk alongside it's tracks to the "back". A friend/coleague who is "on the list" for "back" sees me walking by and calls my name. He lies and pretends I'm with him: he can tell by my appearance what I'd been through. The moment he called my name and I realized what was going on (I was finally going to get the fuck out of there), I sort of stopped all energy for leaving (unecessary at that point). Just sort of stood there and started crying. Not sobbing, but tears pouring down my face with no facial expression at all. I don't even think I looked at the friend trying to help me, I literally just stopped doing everything, stood there and cried. I did however walk over/onto the transportation and stood/sat near/on the designated-for-higher-ups (doctors included) chairs, which were at the very front of the transportation ironically (imagine just a train car with no roof or walls and just random chairs fixed to it). The other higher-ups questioned my being there, and so did some other lady randomly walking around doing checks, but the friend asked me how my kids were, just to demonstrate familiarity to the others.


2) WCS front parking lot, just after leaving class I got killed, same scene happened twice. In class, somehow I got nudes from a few girls and I showed some of them around with no repercussions. Another more sensitive girl had her friend kill me for showing her nudes. I got slammed down into the ground by the neck. Also simultaneously a needle (poisoned, I think. probably jacked "gob jabar" shit from dune) into side of my neck. It was so fast and I was so overpowered by the other person, didn't stand a chance. My dream even gave me two tries at it, which was basically just an instant replay of the first. Neither time did I even HAVE THE CHANCE TO struggle/resist (and even if I did try, I was outstrenghted by a longshot). So then I stood up and walked down the gym stairs and walked off into the distance to die (seemed weird that I didn't just die laying there). I didn't even actually die, but instead transformed into a meth head. I floated down some river "dead"/transforming (inb4 mgs3) and eventually climbed out onto a sidewalk next to it. There were tons of meth heads along this sidewalk, and they were all dressed the same and looked pretty similar. Each one was a drug dealer and consumer. It reminded me of the free market: made no sense at all (yet still somehow stayed afloat). Somehow them distributing it out like that helped it to not get shut down or whatever (cops). I was to become one of them. I asked for some meth and they asked me something I've heard plenty of times in The Wire... it is something like "what's the action?" or some other druggy nonsense I don't understand. Since I didn't have a/the correct response for his question (except in The Wire, the druggy asks the dealer so eh backwards), he was hesitant to deal to me. He announced to his buddies that there was a nooby here, and idk they did some kind of initiation thing to get me in the know and to join them. Maybe I was made to take the drugs to prove I wasn't a cop (lol typo: copy), but honestly I don't remember.


3) A family member got kidnapped. I woke up weaping, and was of course extremely relieved it was just a dream. The thought of them living out the remainder of their days as a sex slave was unbearable (no ransom was demanded, and why ELSE would you kidnap someone?). I was so ready for launching yesterday, but I ran into too many unfinished pieces so can't. I initially interpretted this dream as my subconcsious warning me about the worst case scenarios of my "livin' large" (launched), but after more analysis I realized the dream didn't mention anything relating to my being launch. The person wasn't kidnapped because of my launching (because the kidnappers knew they could demand a random from me), the person was just kidnapped by bad luck. So eh bad shit happens either way and no matter what. That evil sometimes preys on good is no reason to not be [good]. Another example of lose/lose (mfw that expression "damned if you do, damned if you don't"): you either live in fear your entire life (no way to live), or you have to deal with the very real things you are choosing not to fear. Evil exists. Fuck life. There surely isn't a god, because a god wouldn't let life be so fucking shitty. If there is a god, they get pleasure from our suffering. Random/semi-OT: We can't create AI without allowing murder to take place (intervening would result in "not AI" (because the weak would survive, whereas evolution(path-to-AI) is the opposite: only strong survive)).