hill water zombies(?)

Had a dream where we were down in some town thing and I don't know why/what but everyone started dying off and shit and I think there were zombies but I remember animals being a problem too. I don't really even remember seeing zombies/WHATEVER-IT-WAS but I remember a scene where me and my group were like sitting/talking at the entrance to a tunnel thing and we were debating some important shit: like whether or not to go in. I remember as we were sitting there we saw another group of survivors that saw us and approached but kept their distance. They made it so we could see them. One was a girl on a horse... like middle aged dark short (neck length) brown hair'd woman. I don't remember her being sexy but she looked... err... strong. Not fat and not muscular... but a tad thick you could say.

Somehow when we got done deciding our decision (whatever the fuck it was), she knew it (telekenisis?) and her and some other guy who wasn't near her but was the same distance from us as she was (he was off to the right a bit)... came towards us and we peacefully joined up I guess, idfk that part is blurry too.

I remember we went into/up the tunnel and like the tunnel went outdoors but it was still a canal of sorts that we followed to the top of a hill. It was the tallest hill in the lands/dream but it still wasn't THAT big. It was meadow'y and from the top we could see the entire city.

I don't understand exactly how the water system worked in the dream, it sort of vanished the higher we got to the top (which isn't that unlike how it works in reality... but it seemed to disappear impossibly fast in the dream is all).

I remember us deciding that we would make camp up there and live up there. It was either the case that the zombies couldn't get up there, or maybe just that it was an easy enough spot to defend. I really have no clue.

Some time later we had to make a trip down to the town (near the area where the tunnel meeting was). Probably for supplies but idfk. I thought we had all we needed up there but meh why we went down slips my mind. I remember there being a tweaked out car. Like I remember seeing a separate group of survivors who stayed down in the town and that there doing so affected their behavior tremendously. I didn't actually see the group that stayed below, but I think I saw some sort of walled up house and sort of just assumed there were more inside (the bit about the car is REALLY blurry, but I think it drove/parked at the house).

I remember thinking that in there was probably a leader who was crazy and cracked out of his mind. I remember thinking that that could have just as easily have been me: that circumstances define men. I thought/imagined him as a loser video game nerd before all of it had started and then when push came to shove (zombie apocalypse) he became a crazed psychotic fearless SURVIVALIST leader.


Somehow us being up top helped us retain our sanity and civility... but that wasn't what I was thinking while having the dream... it's what I'm thinking now.