Dreams:
1) "dat girl" on swings, jsrf song, should have playdates
2a) hacking, surrender, knife keel, running, suddenly in a movie, park, girl near park -- somewhere in here re-imagine the surrender scene
break awake
2b) stars, laying on trampoline, where am i, horse to right, can't move face to left (try with hand)


1) she and i were just swinging on swings and it was just relaxing and peaceful. we talked and got to know each other a bit. i didn't rush her or push her into asking things she didn't want to etc. i said we should have a playdate without our two "x". later, we were talking about a song we both enjoyed from the JSRF soundtrack and i made a joke about how the whole album that the song was on (that it belonged to, not the jsrf soundtrack that was merely using it (although in actuality i have no idea if there is "another" album. weren't they all made JUST for jsrf?)) was about molesting and raping children and said he had guts to make such an album or something. she seemed disturbed by that and i guess she didn't realize it before because she wasn't listening to the lyrics close enough? i remember thinking "ehh it's not my fault i didn't make the album!", because i guess i sort of regretted killing the pleasant mood


2) i was in some school thing or something and i was sitting at the end of a long desk against an entire wall (other students were to my right, and i was up against the wall). I had two "computers", which were just phones in the dream lol. I was phreaking, which I don't really know how to do (most of that shit if fixed I'd imagine) but probably could have figured out if I was around in those days and I did know in the dream so fuggit. I was coordinating both of the phones in some way but idfk. Perhaps hacking with one so get free regular calls for the other? I don't know/remember anything specific about what I was doing, but I think it was more involved/illegal than "getting free calls". After some time, the teacher received a phone call from what I guess was the front office and she told everybody but Steven to leave their chairs/the-room (or something she said somehow singled me out). I knew I had been fucking around with illegal shit because I was being sloppy and I knew it! I got up out of my chair and started walking out / leaving the scene of the crime etc. At some point someone forces me to surrender. I think it's a girl and I don't remember how she did it. Perhaps with a gun. I remember having my glock 27 on me and putting that on the floor and being afraid to draw it because I'd probably get shot/killed. I lay down not far from my glock and she says something to someone around a corner and a black guy comes in. It was a trick! I thought I was surrendering to a cop, but instead I was surrendering to someone else (who?). I think he was somehow pissed off by something I did in the past. Perhaps I hacked him? These details were missing. In any case, he wasn't strictly a good guy (read on). He came in and flipped me, then on my stomach, onto my back. He took a long-ish curved (yet thin) "fishing knife" and started to cut upwards from my balls. My instinct/adrenaline kicked in and I knew this was my "fight" (there was no "flee" available) moment. I grabbed the knife's blade with both hands, uncaring of the damange that would do and pried it out of his hands. I fumbled with the knife to get it turned around so I could use it for attack, and during so he immediately lunged for the glock 27 which was at out feet during the knife wrestle (we stood up during it). I remember giving him a look like "if you try to shoot me with that gun I'm going to drive this knife into you". He went for it anyways and I stabbed him in the neck with all my might, using my bloody right hand. I remember there being a moment after that where he was still able to raise the gun and could have and probably would have shot me in the heart/head and killed me. The dream sort of paused as i analyzed that situation: perhaps I should have stabbed him straight in the fucking head for the insta kill? I analyzed even more and re-thought the entire surrender scene and how I probably should not have surrendered until I was sure it was police. BUT WHAT WERE MY OPTIONS? My glock was in my right pocket and difficult to access. Perhaps that was my point of error? Is an external holster safer? Or perhaps tucked into my butt/back/belt (with shirt under) so I can quick draw from there? I felt I surrendered too soon because evil can easily appear to be the police. I re-imagined a shoot out and, unlike my last shoot out dream, I was the one peaking and squeezing off shots. She was tucked behind the very corner that she summoned her ally from and I could just barely see her arm and was attempting to line up my aimer with her center of mass (glock 27 FMJ > walls) and kill her. I felt the closest I've ever felt to killing someone, and I didn't feel "proud" about it. I began, even though I hadn't killed her yet, to understand why people don't like to talk about their kills. You do what you have to. So anyways, unpause and I have the knife and the guy killed (my dream spared me from his bullet [from my gun]) and I run out a nearby door and off into the city. I do zig zags to make the direction the police go looking in when the girl says "he went that way" incorrect. I find myself looking for a place to stash the knife. I memorize the cross streets and can almost remember them while writing this, but can't. I'm at the top of a hill in a neighboorhood with some trees whose roots are somehow a good spot to stash a knife, and looking over a ledge (artificial) into the next "lot" I see a guy getting out of a car and walking over to do the same thing. He looks around before stashing his object and almost sees me but doesn't as I crouch (I never find out what he stashed, but planned on it lol). I see a fat ish girl looking out her window at the house across the street from both of us and she can see both of us clearly and is puzzled by what she sees. Another taller kid walks in from the same way I did and we all 3 sort of bump into each other or somehow otherwise meet up. They ask me who I am and seem semi-friendly about it but they won't take my dismissive answers and push harder: "you gotta give me something to go by!" -- as if this were the beginning of a long ish friendship. They begin to semi-fight me and I think they're serious and get somewhat defensive. I picked up the bigger of the two and rotated him so he was upside down and then mock- slammed him on his fucking head/neck... but mock in the sense that I was only showing them that I could do it... I did not actually do it. They weer "impressed" and I felt as though I had just earned my way into a gang or something. Suddenly, "10 hut"! We all 3 come to attention and after a moment I'm like "wtf this isn't the military?", to which one replies: "yes it is". I lol and dart out of that ROTC/military-training thing feeling as though I was in a movie. Sure enough, after looking at my arms, I was even a hispanic kid as I remembered the movie being (though I was myself in the rest of the dream). I remembered how in the movie the hispanic kid came back only to get his stashed knife but then from there ends up somehow staying and becoming a better person yada yada. I vow'd not to come back but then even realized I might anyways just for the knife and lol'd at the movie similarity (should have been a giveaway that it was a dream, but wasn't).

I ran away more and was near a large ish central city park and right around this time I looked behind me and saw a jogger and we made eye contact and suddenly she got this shocked looking face. I didn't think much of it and began to veer off of the path (city street sidewalk type thing) and onto the large ish park. I changed my mind though after analyzing that there'd be no good places to hide in that wide open field. I veer back onto the sidewalk thing and by then the girl had passed me up and sat down on a bench and was making a phone call. I put pieces together and made an educated guess... then turned around and ran the way I came from (it was a 2 lane jogger sidewalk). Don't remember much about this but I rememebered thinking while semi-awake: "this is what being anon would be like... sans all the running". The stuff about trying to blend in etc.


I woke up in between (2a) and (2b) and reflected on the swinging dream and the hacking dream and planned to write both of them down and hoped I wouldn't forget... but was too tired to get up etc.


2b) I wake up (in the dream) and am laying on a trampoline with a pillow and a sheet over my body, quite warm actually, and am looking up at the stars in the sky. It was a brilliant scene and I wish it really was real. It sure seemed real... and I just sat there and let it all soak in (but unlike the classroom real estate job dream scene which I also soaked in, I had no idea I was dreaming during this one -- the exact opposite: I thought I had just woken up). I remember thinking about how darkness only meant that the sun was on the other side of the planet. I felt illuminated seeing those billions of bright stars about my head, even though when I looked around the nearby environment everything was mostly pitch black. I felt illuminated and at the thought of that, I wondered where I was and if I was safe from the police. Somehow (2a) became real again and I was on the run. I look around and come to think that I might be at my old California house... which I planned on using as proof (all subconsciously, but I still remember it!) that I was dreaming if I could verify it. Off to my right I saw a horse. I could only barely see the face of the horse and it looked like it could have been the metal light blue horse we had at California, or it could have been a rocking horse of Caydon's -- so the horse didn't help me pinpoint where I was. I tried looking to my left, because that's where the California house would have been, but I was unable to move my face to the left! I tried really hard and although I specifically NOT getting pissed off, I was confused and baffled that after so much effort, my head simply could not look left. I wrote it off as me being still partially asleep and unable to control my body in the just-woke-up state. I take my hand (which? both? idfk fuck it) and start pushing on my chin/face in order to push my head to the left! It didn't budge and I kept pushing so hard that I woke myself up for real.


Waking/now interpretation of (2b): We are born (life emerges) into a beautiful scene (existence) and there are only ever relative objects (horse) that we are able to see and use to locate/(identify?) ourselves. We know there is an ultimate birthplace (house to the left), as it seems logical that there is, but we are incapable of analyzing and figuring out what it is (looking to the left).