Had a dream that had something to do with a group of us running some shop across the street from some other thing. We'd alternate in shifts and it eventually became my turn and I said it was easy or some such (indeed, counting money is easy). Some girl tempted/told me I can/should eat a bunch of the store's candy while I was there, and I think I did plan on doing just that (my first job at a snack bar I robbed them similarly :-P). Later the store transformed into a carriage and we were out in the wilderness. There was also a river + waterfall scene but it's incredibly blurry. Something about some raft thing sold to someone ended up saving their lives? Well anyways back to carriage: a friend and I ask our teacher lady for a break and we get one and go over to another carriage and horse with two guys on it (two separate + stopped next to each other parties). Our own carriage parked in a meadow/field, but those two were chillin on the main road which was still way out in the middle of nowhere in between towns. It was implied/known between the friend and I that we'd be attempting to con those two parties, and we split up since we didn't have much time. I took the carriage and I walked up and started talking to ~4 old rich'ish men and asked them what the problem was. They said they needed a driver or something for their carriage, I didn't really understand why or what had happened to their original one. As I was speaking to them, somehow/someone (maybe other friend but idk) started sliding their carriage backwards so that they became unfastened to the horse that was pulling them (we were prepping them for a con I guess). I walk away from the carriage and speak with my other friend, who's still talking to the two guys (military men btw) on a single horse. My friend tells me that they need to get to 'some city'.... and basically now since I had both pieces of the puzzle my mind raced to find a con to pull off. I told the two men on one horse that I'd sell them the other horse (now detached) for $50 and I said things like "limited time only" and all that other bullshit. Around this time tensions started getting heated and the old men in the carriage started doing something behind me and idk what but I guess maybe catching on or maybe they heard me offer their horse for sale. I hurry along the two military men and one of them jumps onto the other horse and they ride off. Btw they were wearing blue and looked like some civil war type uniforms. The old men chase them or something on some where-the-fuck-did-they-come-from horses or idk the dream got pretty blurry and ended quickly right around here. I wondered if I'd even be able to hang onto that $50, since I was still just standing there.

I think that the dream was a test of ethics and I failed miserably. When we encounter an alien species (note: i wrote blue LAST night (damn time bullshit)) it will be likely that we are able to take advantage of them. Another aspect abstracted from it is that if you go into a situation looking for a con, you're unlikely to see a genuine/legitimate business opportunity (presumably if I had offered to pay the soldiers $40 to drive the old men's carriage, and charged the old men $60, all would have won? I didn't think of that until waaaay later, AND really it isn't even certain because I had no idea where the old men were even going (if it was the same city/direction).