I was sitting at some outdoor table, perhaps at a restaurant type thing on a street such as Mill ave. The setting seemed ASU'ish. I was talking to someone, I think Mehraj, and we both saw this petite girl in a green shirt walk by us and cross the street to go to some other shop. I definitely noticed her (and her irrelevant friend) the first time, but as usual I didn't say anything like a little bitch. Some more time passes and I'm still talking to Mehraj, who is kinda standing walking pacing not far in front of me, maybe like 10 feet. The same girl+friend walk by (from/to the same direction.. like a replay.. did they go in a circle?) and this time I hear the girl in green say something about code. She said something about she was working on code. Can't remember much else except the word "code". It grabs my attention and I turn to Mehraj to say something to him about it, but he isn't standing where I expected. He was just over to the right a little bit, now sitting on some bench thing. So I either get up and go talk to the girl, or go talk to the teleporting Mehraj... I can't remember which but I'm actually thinking it was Mehrarj (pussy). As I'm talking to him or her (prolly him), I turn back and look at the table I was sitting at and see some kinda-fat-yet-still-cute-enough-to-fuck (tm) girl going through my shit and I see her take something like a laptop or something and stuff it in her jacket. I run up to her and confront her and reach my hand in her jacket and pull the shit out. I can't quite put my finger on it just like in the Glenn dream, but I felt like I missed something.

Dreams not hard to interpret. Ignorance isn't bliss, but I need to "cut my losses" and launch asep.


Another dream very blurry where a high school gym teacher while locking gymnasium doors (at night..?) says something to me like "we need to get a flashlight to check for people hiding in here" or some such. I had some kind of teacher's pet job such as to... err... idfk... but maybe I was the one shutting the doors? There was sooooo much more to this dream and it was drug related. After the dream and while still basically asleep (but no visuals etc), I remember thinking I should go back to high school (or I felt like I was already in high school) to be a drug dealer because now that I'm older I'd have a much easier time playing the "goofy drug dealer" (intentionally acting stupid) or some shit. I was 25 in the dream too, somehow I hadn't graduated or something...