Dreams:
1) Helicopter
2) Lucid waving
3) Teacher sleeping
4) Lucid fake awake slipknot


1) At some outdoor luncheon in a grassy field, seemed disney themed or related. There was a head table with [elderly] Julie Andrews (or someone similar, idk) at it, and I somehow lucked out and got to sit at that table. Didn't feel like I deserved it or would appreciate it as much as some other [kid]. I turn around at one point and off in the distance I see a helicopter heading into the ground at roughly a 45 degree angle, and kind of eh sideways as in uhh strafing idk hard to explain (on top of the 45 degree angle). It was dark and cloudy and the helicopter clearly didn't see the ground, didn't even pull up and it would have been too late anyways. I said "oh my god it's going to crash" and pointed, and those were the only words I could squeeze in before it happened. It landed on the white Jeep I had just parked a little bit ago (after the lunch table stuff), and rolled along the outdoor field and maybe even hit a few people as it went behind a main building we were all by for a few brief moments, then continued rolling off into the distance into some neighborhood. It was pretty realistic seeming. I, and anyone else with the stomach for it, chased down the helicopter to it's resting place. Heard some woman in her house on the phone with the police, I figured someone had long since called them. Finding the crashed copter was a bit of a challenge, there were mounds of dirt and it was hiding in/on one. I had to climb one to gain perspective to see it. When I walked up to it, it kinda looked like a lego iron giant and not a helicopter anymore. Much smaller than the one in the movie, and had rectangular legs and a more or less H shaped body. It just lay there broken in the mound of dirt and the dream ended.


2) Somewhat lucid and I look across a dark room, what kind of seemed like a shooting range but wasn't, and see a window into a bright white room... and some person in there and can't tell if it's a boy or a girl or even me. Leaning towards girl... maybe girl version of me. I wave and [s]he waves back. They only just barely popped their head out enough for me to see it, then tucked it back down out of view. I walk across the room slowly so as not to end the [lucid] dream or scare them away. I peak my head into the window and look right and left. To the left is just a wall a few feet away, and to the right is the rest of the long-ish rectangular pure white room. The ground came up to form boxes and squares, sort of like crates except they seemed fixed to the ground. I was looking for the person, but didn't see them and wondered if maybe they were hiding behind one of those crate things. I pull my head out of the window and everything disappears. Pure blackness. I feel like I'm spinning but then the sensation of spinning goes away quickly as there is no thing I am spinning relative to. I feel like I am pre-evolved. Pre-earth, pre-everything. The dream ends as I reflect on everything I have in this world.


3) I awake suddenly (from? idk) and I see a teacher in front of the desk I'm sleeping at/on holding a piece of paper. I assume it's the paper I had just written that I considered private and not school related and I figured she was going to read it and I felt like my privacy is violated etc (note to kids: do not write valuable things at school. teachers are allowed to invade your privacy (FUCKING BULLSHIT BUT TRUE)). I grabbed at the paper in her hand and planned to make a run for it off campus (since she'd call security etc), but moments later realized the paper I had just written (which may have been anything, including the description of the above dreams... idfk) was still sitting on my desk and I was just waking up in panic for no reason. I think this dream happened twice, but the second time was maybe something else instead of a piece of paper(?).


4) I'm thinking about life and "existence" and dreams and all that stuff and I don't remember where I am before the incident, but at some point I manage to get my lucid dreaming self to open my eyes. It is a cool moment and felt connected to (2) in some way: as if I left the black void [dream] and saw that I was really just laying in bed dreaming. I felt like I could see my eyes, though this is hard to explain. Either I saw them from a 3rd person perspective, or I saw THROUGH them from my brain. That part is blurry as fuck. I also saw my slipknot arm and it helped me connect the two realities (void vs. steven) and appreciate the steven, etc. It's as if the dream said to me, "This is what you have"... and then opened my still dreaming eyes so that I could see waking reality. Except it was fake (not that it matters). I stared intensely at the S of the slipknot and there was a piece of skin at the tip of the S that eh kinda pointed outward away from my body. That isn't really there, so I knew it was a lucid dream. I also a little bit later woke up and saw that my left arm (slipknot arm) was wrapped around a pillow and out of view from where my head was laying. Still seemed very real and was cool/fun.