Dream last night where I was at my elementary school RCS (not RC_D_S) and my teacher was Miss Parker from highland (who is freaking hot and I've tried numerous times to find her pic on teh nets (you can guess why)). I can't remember exactly what I said but I said I wanted to see her after school or away from school or you know pretty much go on a date with her. It was weird because I felt like a HS graduate in some way and that was how I justified to myself (and possibly to her) that it was ok. I guess she got offended or something because I got jumped by a group of black dudes (perhaps my brain picked black because it knows she's married to a black guy, but that thought didn't occur until just now)... who were also my class/school mates. I remember getting picked up and body slammed into the ground and the only thought going through my head when I was being held up in the air was "I sure hope I don't land on the computer in my pocket and break it" (ROFL). After taking the beating, I walked by her open doorway and she was in there sitting at a desk while some other teacher was teaching or someshit and I said to her "I _STILL_ want to". Idk if this pissed her off because the jumping and the following were all guessed as to why they were happening, I didn't have the fortune of knowing they were directly connected. Somehow or for some reason now there was a contract out on me by 2 of those black guys. They seemed familiar as if I knew who they were. Chase from Woodcrest comes to mind, but the other guy would have to be Snoop from the wire (or someone similar) (oh yea it's a girl xD, but in the dream it was a dude so perhaps someone else altogether). Idfk how I lived, I remember running at one point and going into some trees and just chilling there for a while until I guess they lost interest in trying to find me. Later and I guess after the hit was called off(?), I found myself on top of the school roof (a different part of the school than the room she taught in). I was on the roof of the large part of a school and her classroom was smaller/singular (but surrounded by others likewise. Her door was from outside). There was some other guy up there with me I can't remember who, but it was an old[er] white male. We were doing some task perhaps school related. I saw the 2 guys who had earlier been trying to kill me climb up the ladder or whatever from the far side of the roof, and in fear I planned my escape route (jumping off the front of the building and running to the street (the ladder was toward the 'back' and off to the left)) and made sure they didn't get too close... kept my eye on them. They too appeared to be doing some school task thing and it was like the hit was off... but I still feared them and hell I even planned on taking them out myself... sneak up on them and blow their fucking head off.... just to be on the safe side. I don't think I got around to it before waking up...