0) House, suck dick, palm tree
1) Red/orange bug
2) Riverside dance (walk to Redlands)
3) Beach fight, girl stomped
4) Fastfood hole


0) This and (1) was night before last, the others are last night. There was a really cool beach house that I think I lived in (as in, it was my parents' ;-P). There were sidewalks all around it, and different levels of elevations, and bushes etc here and there all randomly. I thought whoever made/sold the house must have been pretty clever. I'm not usually a fan of houses, but this one was interesting (note, I don't remember anything about the house itself [being amazing], just the surrounding landscape/bushes). It had that "secret garden" feel to it (*downloads*), but it was not cut off from the street with walls or anything (maybe some hedges here and there would block your view on some parts, but the hedges did not encircle the house so as to cut off view/access to it completely). I pondered/imagined/created-I-guess some relatively secret part in the middle of some hedges, just a small open space a few feet wide, and you'd have to crawl through/under the bushes to get there. It could be 5 feet from the street sidewalk and nobody would know you were there. Eh there were just unique courtyards and the like, I suppose this is some cliche alice type shit but it was interesting to just fly around in god mode and observe the landscape.

And then the dream changed and I was planted/walking. Not sure of the ordering of these next two parts, not sure they matter. There was a guy standing in one of the courtyards and he was singing a song. I was sure this wasn't a dream only because the song sounded so well put-together. I was/am surprised that my brain could assemble such a well crafted song (I guess it means I have the ability, but lack the learned-skill/means-of-expression/FINGERS-IMPL). The song went something like this: "It's ok if you get lost or stuck, somebody will help you. That is, unless you're gay. Don't suck dick, no no no don't suck dick. [repeat etc]". He was playing the guitar while singing it, maybe even standing/balancing on a ball at the same time (unsure about that part). I know the lyrics don't demonstrate the quality of the song, but you'll just have to take my word for it that the rhythm of the song went together well with the guitar.

Another part I was analyzing a tall palm tree. I thought about using a belt to climb it, but worried that others off in the distance (on sidewalks n such) might see me and worry that I'm a jumper and come crowd around me and create something out of nothing. I don't think I attempted to climb it, just thought about those things. This MAY have been what the guy was referring to in the song, but actually I recall him referring to a sea-cliff over yonder (could have been both).


1) Woke up from sleeping in the nude (eh didn't sleep in the nude, it was a false awakening) and there was a red/orange bug near me somehow. Not sure if it was near me crawling or near me on spider web or maybe even crawling on my body. Hell, maybe even just flying (the kind of bug was unspecified). I batted at it in a state of panic, but it fell down in between my legs/crotch area and I didn't see it anymore. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out this is an std fear dream. Thought about not writing this but eh I can't live with myself being a pussy anymore.


2) I read maddox's latest post about the dancing fat man, now I wish I hadn't. My conspiracy theory mind raced in all kinds of directions, but I won't even bore you with the details of that (I think I'm gonna quit maddox from here on). Anyways just the dancing fat man was on my mind in the dream. I was walking on the sidewalk in Riverside wearing my hat/fingers rig, fuckin' dancing and/or switching back and forth from being embarrassed and not giving a fuck... I will be honest, the dancing fat man story did thrust me into not giving a fuck mode and I danced like a dipshit while walking that sidewalk. Was fun. I remember there being a palm tree to my right and a black metal gated fence to my left, I think inside of which was a cemetary (had:funeral) but eh idk (metaphorically, that's entirely accurate with what I'm doing with my life: dancing like a dipshit waiting for death. fun). I wanted to do some parkour stuff but I think I felt limited by the rig (need moar upgrades (need v0.001 alpha first noob)); like I wanted to run up the tree and do a backflip off it, idk. Maybe I did in fact do a backflip; maybe the rig was more portable in the dream... but I do know I was thinking about whether or not it was portable enough during this part.

I think I was ultimately walking to redlands. I realized it was a far way and then wanted to call my mom to ask her to pick me up on her way there, but couldn't because I didn't/don't have a celly.


3) I was chillin' on the beach and maybe got done body surfing etc. Maybe it was my birthday or something. Anyways, sleeping on the beach/sand and I realized (wake up to?) I'm being cuddled with by some guy I don't even know. I figure it's accidental and I go into that "ok I'll try to break free as gently as possible so as not to wake him because that'd be fucking awkward" mode. He eventually wakes up and idk wtf we talk about but EVENTUALLY he says something along the lines of "so how about it?" (see: Scarecrow). I reply "no" and just like scarecrow he's insistent and stuff. I resist further and then say "you're funny". He says "why?" and then I say "because I'm here with a bunch of my friends and we could jump you". I said that last sentence (too?) loud and it woke up my friends, who immediately jumped him and stomped him etc (I may have even joined in, but idk blurry). I didn't necessarily want him to get jumped, which is why I said "too loud?". The only one of the friends' who was identifiable in the dream was Brandon. Justin may have been there too, but idk there were a few of em. A cop appeared out of fucking knowhere (lel keeping (and I did think reasonably hard about whether or not it was the correct spelling)) and had his gun drawn and aimed at the back of brandon's head. Shit got intense and I told brandon to remain calm and to stop etc and that there was a cop behind him. He did, and to my surprise the cops didn't arrest Brandon but then proceeded to arrest me. Apparently in all that KOMOTION (fuckit), a girl who was also laying on the sand/beach got accidentally trampled by us all. I think she was in a critical condition, but I don't recall knowing any specifics. I did kind of use my imagination to visualize her fucking face flattened and swollen xD. There was some jail/prison stuff after this (the cuddler and myself only), but I can't remember it.


4) I was in a basement of a fastfood restaurant and there was a hole in the ceiling and I thought it was the way to get to the ground level. I crawled up it a bit and then I got stuck. I worried that I wouldn't be able to get out (some claustrophobia kicked in ofc), especially since towards the bottom there was a bit of horizontal'ness that was difficult for my body to maneuver around on the way up (and would probably be even more difficult on the way down, since the grip of my rubber shoes would now CATCH whereas on the way up they wouldn't/didn't). I did get down and then walked up through the stairs. I walked to the room where the hole led to, and two managers/employees were sitting at a nearby desk talking about whatever. I told them that that shit was dangerous as fuck and they should cover it up (the top, ofc. the bottom isn't). I even envisioned a trash can with a hole in the bottom that led down to a bigger trash can beneath it. As long as that top trash can was bolted down, it'd be reasonably safe (babies can't get into the trash hole that high, but they could move the trash can and fall in that way (hence bolted down)).

Later I stood and watched the line of customers pass by the counter with a line of chefs behind it (there was no wall separating the customers from the chefs like there usually is (I think that's a fucking psychological thing, people don't want to be in the same room as their food being cooked)). All of the counters/etc were on wheels, and I could picture the room being empty. All it takes is a big enough room and a few workers and equipment and then it's transformed into a fast food restaurant. All the counters/etc were that silver metal kind. And of course, all of the chefs were brown ;-P (my subconscience is racist! sue me!).