0) Grandpa/ocean/broken/wave
1) David


0) Was in some room near an ocean and the fam and I were all going swimming. Grandpa was already weelchar-bound, and I told him I wished he could come with us. Gave him a hug and envisioned/thought-of him AS the water/ocean. The rest if pretty blurry but I remember later thinking (not related to gpa) "I almost outsourced my first thing to Broken" (Broken is a guy that plays teeworlds). I went out into the ocean and a huuuuge wave came and I wanted to get laundry machine'd in a large wave, but the one that was about to suck me in (I tried to escape) would easily have killed me.


1) Lucid dream with my brother. Hard to remember what happened before the lucid stuff, definitely something. Walking along Victoria Ave. in Riverside, on those dirt paths. Idk what triggered it but I just suddenly realized it was a dream. My bro was nearby so I walked over to him and said "hey guess what" (or something), then said "this is a [lucid] dream" (unsure if I used word lucid or not), then punched him in the face :-D. He was pushed back a little from the punch and his head did a sort of cartoony dust cloud of fast motion, slightly leaning forward too. I am unsure if he was laughing, his head was exploding from the new knowledge, or if he was just dizzy from the punch (or all 3). Then after his head settled, I walked over to him and asked/told him to tell me something interesting. He looked like he maybe thought about it for a brief moment, then said "don't do anything in the year 19 -- there will be a galaxy collapse". (presumably 2019, not age 19 (i'm 25 lawl)). I'm not sure what that even means, but I guess it does qualify as interesting. I think it was my subconscious trolling me (appropriate form ;-P). How the fuck could my doing something _IN_ the year 19 affect, or be affected by (in a way that my doing or not doing anything might change), a galaxy collapse (why didn't he say "collapsING"? idfk)? If this galaxy collapses, it makes no difference if I do or do not do anything. If you exchange "in" for "before", then it still doesn't make sense: if this galaxy is collapsing in 2019, shouldn't I definitely yes do shit and live my life before that collapse? If other galaxy, wtf would it matter (unless my actions could cause or prevent said collapse... which is doubtful in such a small timeframe). Replacing "in" with "after" also is dumb. So I think it was just a clever way for my subconscious to essentially say "hey dipshit, you're going to die someday no matter what. live." (as in "ih", not "eye" (but maybe also l-eye-ve ;-P)).

The dream ended after that sentence was spoken to me, I woke up in my bed and just thought it was a cool dream. I must have fallen asleep very soon after that because I then dreamt I went and told my brother about some of it. I told him about it being on the side of victoria and how when I became lucid I punched him in the face... but I did not tell him about what he said to me. I just didn't want it to be "public" yet (fuck my encrypted life), but my punching him in the face is just funny.