I've been coasting on suicidal fumes and am now trying to light my farts on fire.


Dreams:
1) Suburban house (HAHAHAHA just got the pun)
2) Boat toe
3) Girl


1) Very blurry dream I think it involved dat one girl and her mom and we might have gone to mexico but I remember at one point being inside my own mom's suburban (vehicle) and it was much bigger than usual and I was looking at a dresser or some weird furniture that looked like it belonged in a house and thought it'd be a good place to hide "data" xD xD, so long as the car didn't get too hot in the arizona sun. Uhh yea that's about all I remember except that the car seemed much bigger and... house'ish... than what is realistic. I wonder if that pun was intentional from my subconscience? The dream was a few nights ago but I just got the pun now..


2) Was in a lake and perhaps about to go water skiing when the driver of the boat was trying to "haha ditched you" be funny but I managed to grab the rope with my big toe (maybe both feet, I forget) and like scrunched that rope really hard and was able to be pulled the entire distance of the lake. I was underwater at first (and yet I remember breathing down there (fucking cool part of the dream imo... I just breathed slowly and was like "wtf?"... but it never hit me that it was a dream)) but once the boat sped up then I popped out of the water. They were all surprised to see me and I was like reclining in the water sliding along my back. When we got to the other end and the boat did a U-turn, I was flung off and into some bushes overhanging the lake. Some other chick tried to do the toe trick herself but couldn't (I told her it was hard but she tried anyways).


3) Perhaps the same dream as (2), I was walking now through a city which I guess resembled france or something because it had skinny allyways in between the houses. Was walking quite a distance I guess to get to my own home (idk), and eventually saw a girl in front of her door and talked to her for a little bit. It was an exact replica of my tempe next door neighbor, even though I somehow knew it wasn't really her. Her roomate came out as we were talking and went off to go do something, and then she invited me in and I pretty much knew from there that I'd score... so I said sure or whatever. When we got in she was no longer my old neighbor but now someone I've never seen before. A slightly big (but far from fat) brunette who was yea kinda cute n such. She I think offered me a drink and definitely offered me a bong hit out of a really skinny bong (same height as my old one (about 1 foot), just much skinnier). I planned on taking a hit yea but she went first. I all of the sudden just lunged at her and kissed her right as she was holding her breath from taking a hit. She like laughed and/or exhaled into my mouth but still of course went with the kiss (I say of course because she let me into her house in the first place) but still seemed surprised because yea it was pretty much just all of the sudden type shit (sup). I inhaled the smoke from her and then blew it out and I think it actually got me high (fucking conservative as fuck hell yea) and I might have even said something like "that was my hit". I/we stood there making out and groping each others' bodies hugging n shit and the dream ended not much later.