Dream where I was driving my car in the rain on the 60 going east and I had to take the 101 north ramp thing and it was mostly realistic except that there was a tunnel right there (before you start turning right (before you start doing a left U)), basically right at the 60->101 offramp was a tunnel thing. There was a fucking shit ton of water and I had to merge tons of lanes (basically the entire freeway) to make the offramp. Barely made it and was going fast as shit and was scared of sliding into wall and dying etc. There was a sign right when you went in the tunnel that said something along the lines of "flooded" or some shit. I hit a shit ton of water and was slowed down as I was going off a jump that didn't seem out of place and I didn't make the jump that is normally easy to make without said water. I landed a few feet down below the street except like my car ALMOST made it onto the other half of the street. like this: -_\, and I landed right on the -, then tilted back and fell into the _, which was filled with water. I ditched the car because I didn't have a phone on me (realistic, fuck phones) and then walked up to scottsdale where I was like walking around with a bunch of people on some pier thing that was really fucking long. I felt like I knew the group I was walking with but I can't remember any of their names (except one coming up). I remember falling back from that group to perhaps go to the bathroom or get something to eat and thought about how it'd be fairly easy to run to catch up to them afterwards. I remember a scene about a company or some weird business at the end of some weird path thing (not longer a pier, idfk?) which was kinda below ground with talls walls and I think it was restricted access and no idea if I was able to get in or not. There was a part where 2nd cousin by adoption Tanner was like thrown off a really high point of the pier and he just kinda went with it and did tons of flips on the way down and he tried to time it right so he could dive in (it was his only chance of surviving). He flipped kind of sideways (sideflips) but kinda forward as well, and when he dove in he mildly belly/side-flopped and I have no idea if he lived (he did also kind of dive it in by bending his body). Backing up again sry: I felt bad about fucking up the car because I knew my parents would be pissed and rightly so because now they'd probably have to buy a whole new car. When ditching the car I was pretty sure that the cops would find it there and they'd call my parents based on registration and it'd get towed without my being involved anyways. I think another car followed behind me but saw me not make the jump and then backed up instead of trying it.