Dream where I and a group of people were maybe in the military and there was an outdoor-one-at-a-time bar where the beer was sweet and delicious and better than I've ever had. It was like how root beer from A&W fast food is much better than A&W from the store/can. The bartender asked me at one point if I wanted more/another and I hesitantly looked away/down, either at my wallet or at the ground. She said something like "what are you worried of getting a DUI?" or idk what tbh. We were in a foreign country so this was a joke and intended to peer pressure me into getting another, and I did. There were lots of others standing around there watching and/or waiting in line. One of the people who was in my group even though we were all split up at various points was going to rat on some of the other members who were affiliated with drucks. He entrusted me and some other authority figure (boss, ranking officer, idfk) with the information that they were about to raid/arrest them. I happened to be at/near the beer thing with one of the dudes who was about to be arrested, and I either told or considered telling (and the option window became the dream) him what was about to happen so he could get rid of his stash and not be caught red handed. I feared he would lash out at me, the messenger, so I imagined myself telling him slowly and explaining that I wasn't the one doing it etc. He would then go on to kill the guy who was going to be doing the arresting. I felt guilty for getting the innocent man chasing the "bad guy" killed (despite being pro-drugs myself). It was weird because I felt like I was in an awkward position either way: let the drug guy go to prison or (well I didn't predict death...).

Toward the end of the dream and perhaps a separate one altogether (blurry as fuck), I was sitting at a bar (different one I think) on a stool and some black crow was pecking at my hand and I kept pulling my hand away but it kept pecking at my hand and I woke up pulling away from this crow.