Dream where my sister's high school friend Mary and I were messing around at my grandparents in AZs house. It wasn't their normal house... it was in some other city and in a suburbia. The house did resemble their actual house, but certain parts of it were different. The entire front of it had an added on room that ran the length of the house left to right. It was like a play room or something and it's the kind of room a rich person would put a car they never used in (the one in the dream may or may not have had a car in it). Various random couches and such. Over on the right side of the house was another one of those same type of long rooms, this one going the depth of the house and both mentioned rooms touching yet separated via door at the front-right of the house. So Mary and I were in this room and I locked both doors and we were fucking around. The dream was pleasant because it felt pretty real (not as real as those lucid dreams, but still just your average wet dream so: fun). I was facefucking her and she was able to handle it. I mean, yea she gagged and coughed some here and there, but didn't require me taking my dick out for a break. I realized during the dream, or perhaps when waking up, that I've never actually had the pleasure of facefucking someone like that: "THERE IS STILL MORE TO LIVE FOR". Most people can't handle it for very long, if at all. My dick was pretty much all the way in and I was thrusting back and forth ONLY the few (2-3) inches that still count as me GAGGING her. I mean to say that I was in all the way and fucking her throat with the 2-3 inches of my dick that can reach back that far. Her throat kept a tight grip on my dick and I made sure not to pull out too far in order to keep it that way. All in all a good dream and I woke up and beat off to it. Mary had, irl when I was younger, made a pass at me and even though I'm still kinda iffy on whether or not she was being serious, I still regret not finding out (most of my regrets are just passing girls up (Lyndsey for halo)). So yea I was pretty rough with her in the dream but she could handle it and liked it. We stopped for idfk what reason and eventually the doors unlocked and we walk out and I eventually find out that there was a damn peep-hole looking into the room, right at the couch we were on! The peep hole was in it's own very small (2-3 people standing) hidden room, and I felt... errr. weird about the situation. I didn't know who of my family had actually looked through and seen us... or who knew that the peep hole was even there. The only person I was pretty certain knew the peep-hole was there was my grandma: her house. But she didn't seem the type to watch others make pop pop. I found a little later than even the other room on the right side of the house that went unused also had a peep-hole in it. The peep holes were about an inch in diameter, much bigger than they needed to be. I meant to type "one", but "an" works just as well. Later I was testing out various places in the 2 rooms to find somewhere the peep-hole couldn't see, and when I had found one in the 2nd/right-side room that was just to the left of the peep-hole (up against same wall), just to the right as you walk in from a yet-unmentioned second door to that room, [when i had found one..] I was like sitting/crouching there.... (POSSIBLY BEATING OFF AM UNSURE)... kaylee walked in and didn't see me to her right and would have kept walking but I said something like "hello" or "I am here" calmly so as not to scare her. She said something back but I forget and the dream ended right around here.