I've had a shit ton of dreams this past week, but only remember 1 from last night. Seems to have taken place in Tanner D's large backyard (and the random dirt lots behind it). I recall Tanner being in the dream, but only barely and right towards the start.

I was facing a spine hill/mountain and there was a gap between the hill/mountain I was standing on and the hill/mountain I was looking at (rather, "we" (Tanner incl) were looking at -- but after leaving where standing, I was alone [except as noted Lexi]). We were looking for a little girl that was lost. I/we suspected her to be on that hill across the gap but we weren't sure. In an alternate flash of a universe, we KNEW she was on the hill across the gap because we saw her bare hand or foot sticking out from behind a boulder. I analyzed the gap between us and although I thought perhaps I could jump it, I took the safer route down around and up. In perhaps another flash of a universe (by that I mean separate dream direction), a huge black monster grew circularly out of the ground and the little girl was in imminent danger. I lept the gap no questions asked, despite not being able to do a thing against the huge faceless monster.

In one of those non-monster variants, I found myself journeying all along the left side of the hill/mountain she may have been on (I think this was the non-foot/hand variant -- I had no clue where she was). I saw some farmers and yelled to them much louder than necessary "have you seen a little girl". They responded to me just barely audible "no", to which I replied loudly "what?". A slightly louder "no" told me what I was pretty sure they said. I turned away from their farms and headed straight up the side of the mountain. Lexi was with me at this point (?) and neither one of us could get up the hill. I gripped onto a rock/dirt-clot and it slipped and I slid down the hill some. Lexi slid down the hill on her back next to me, and I couldn't tell if she was comfortable in that position or stuck, but I had to guard her from being covered up by the falling dirt entirely. My goal with trying to get to the top of the hill was just to scout my surroundings, I didn't have any reason to believe the girl was up there. Lexi and I came down (I had to scoop her up/out of the hill which had already buried her up to her sides (she laying on her back)) and started to walk back towards the front (where we started) of the mountain where hopefully it was less steep or at least more sturdy. The farmers shot a foam bow and arrow at us that resembled one of those random trick stick things where you hold two sticks and make a 3rd stick (usually with fluffy/decorated ends) do spins n shit). I caught the arrow and threw it back to them. It seemed those farmers were starting to get hostile, and I intentionally did not respond nor kept the arrow in order to minimize the chances of them definitely becoming hostile.