0) Seizure
1) Lucid hands
2) Color vampire


0) Sitting at a long dinner table at the seat to the left of one of the heads of the table, I'm talking with the table and as I glance left and slightly behind me (idfk) I am able to see the person sitting at the head of the table (know the name, omitting) fall onto the floor out of their chair. I scramble out of mine and get the attention of the restaurant(?) by clapping my hands and trying to shout "medical" and maybe even "attention". In hindsight I should have shouted "doctor", but whatever. They were seizing on the floor and once someone at the head of the table next to ours responded and stood up, I bent down to try to help them with their seizing. Their head was next to a brick fireplace mantle, and/or they were on some of the bricks already. I tried to un-bend their body and hold them in place, but honestly I don't even know if that's what you're supposed to do with seizure victims. Some time elapsed and the doctor positions them on their knees/shins, which are spread out some (wider than their ass), and their hands held up in the air as if they were praising god, their elbows bent at an almost 90 degree angle and upward; he tells them to scream the word "HELL". They were still out of it, I'm not sure if seizing still but probably not given the posture. I wonder momentarily if the doctor is telling me to do the screaming, but after looking at the seizurerer I realize he's not. They do scream "HELL", and I think it's that action the pulls them back to. Possibly even out of the seized state. It was fucking weird and I have no idea what this dream means. The fact that I'm omitting the name will make it even more difficult for a 3rd party to decipher: sorry.


1) In some weird plane of existence, felt kind of virtual tbh. Going up a cone with a road swirling around it up to the top. I say going because I'm not sure if I'm just 'going' as a human very fast (flying? running? idfk), on a motorcycle, or in a car/truck. I get to the top of the cone and there's a lip/jump/kicker at the very top. Since the turn radius decreases as you get to the pointy part of a cone (and the pointy part was the top), I wasn't able to hit the kicker straight on. That is to say, if I were on a motorcycle then my motorcycle didn't make a right angle with the lip of the jump/kicker. I veered off to the left some (we were turning right the whole time while going up the cone) and because of that I think I didn't land where I was supposed to. I think I became lucid right around this time but I'm not sure that's the case. I remember falling down and backwards (my body horizontal, the ground behind me as I fell) and vividly remember looking at both of my hands held out in front of my face. I do think I was lucid, but am not 100% sure. I did not fear dying, perhaps because I knew it was a dream. There was more to this dream perhaps after I landed (or maybe that was before going up the cone), but I forget most of it.


2) Robinson was telling me about some old ass Vampire flick last night, and I am interested in watching it. Something with an N, and I think it's yea the earliest [german] vampire flick around. Silent movie and B&W. Well I was having a dream I was watching a vampire movie and I thought it was that movie. It was amusing but sorry I don't remember and details. I did realize eventually that the movie was in full color, so I started to question what was going on and whether or not that was the movie Arby recommended.