I woke up or something idk but my adrenaline was rushing like crazy and it did seem like I just woke up (blurry), I/we were in a commercial airplane that was plummetting down into an ocean (we weren't nose diving [much], mostly just eh horizontally falling (yes, unrealistic physics)... but with plenty of speed that we'd all still die). I had set an alert or something idfk it's hard to explain... the alert had gone off since I/we were about to fucking die and I think that's what either woke me up or put me into high adrenaline mode. It seemed like a script or a program that I had written, and I think metaphorically it reprsents my (WOOT DONE) "launch". I was ejected from the plane somehow magically through the tiny window I sat next to and flew around outside and up and stuff. It all happened so fast and didn't make much sense.

Later, more calmly, I was standing talking to Arby and he was talking about his escape too (or something along those lines). Idk what exactly he was saying, but I do remember him saying this: "It <something-like-'disgusts'> me how much I was <something-like-'suppressing'> myself <something-like-'before'>". I said "me too" (referring to my own supression) and bounced around the room like a maniac for fun. Landed over on a box on my stomach that Kaylee was laying down on the ground next to and which she had the back of her head perched up against (her facing the other direction from me)... and continuing that same sentence "me too", I added "... but now I just can't/won't (I forget which, probably "can't" -- "won't" makes more sense but doesn't roll off the tongue) keep my mouth shut". She turned her head back/to-the-right/up, looked at me calmly, and said "go to sleep" (maybe said my name at the end of it... but eh implied implications are implied and irrelevnant) in a similarly calm (non-dominating/etc) manner.


Another dream much later that I barely remember any of, there was a wireless/radio force emitting from some piece of hardware attached to my computer... and when I stood in it (the invisible beam was linear) at the right angle, it made music somehow in line with my movements. It happened twice, I think once per [stereo] channel, but the second time it happened I couldn't find the right angle to make it make noise... and I think I woke up (lexi barking) before I could find the angle.