0) Hug
1) Diane
2) Help
3) Helm Vegas


0) This one was night before last, the others were last night. There was a lot to this dream, all I remember is that I don't remember. The only thing I do remember was the hug. Hugged Kaylee with a good hug (none of this shitty side/shoulder hug crap that's been occuring a lot lately (probably because of awkwardness (I only have myself to blame (fuck you, me)))) and it was just pleasant. Kelsey knows what I'm talking about. She's probably the only person that would know what I'm talking about. There are shitty hugs and there are good hugs. In this dream was a good hug. I don't know that everything else in the dream wasn't memorable... but my memory is proving that true... so....


1) At Catamaran house. Called up my mom's friend Diane and invited her over. She said she'd come. She rang the doorbell and my dad and I both answered it simultaneously. My mom was out doing something (not home). Dad said rudely "sorry you have to come another time" or some such, idk what exactly he said but it was just a rude tone. Bleh my daddy issues are boring you (and me), sorry. Buh actually I can't even remember what happened next but somehow I was talking to her still (after she left?), maybe on the phone idfk. I think she did say though that she wouldn't cheat with me. What a fukken champ, wouldn't even cheat on her husband with me in my own wet dream. Yea I like them both just fine, but ima piece of shit home-wrecker: keep your women away from me ;-P.


2) This was mildly a continuation of (1), was now at my Cali house though and in my Dad's old office, my old room and also my old old room (was on one of the corners of the house). There was a maid about my age or so in there and I think my sister was in the room for a little. The maid was this cute bitch I was eyeballing the other night on POF (I would make an account, but I'm too much of a pussy (I guess at this point I should (because this is going to be public momentarily ('hat'+fingers factors in ofc xD)))) to make an account. I don't usually go on there, but eh I was in the mood and it did make for some good fap material. Well anyways she asked about a popped balloon or something and asked if she could have it or something, I forget what. My sister said something along the lines of "you can't have anything so don't ask" as she walked out of the room (to set a period in her authority). I delayed for quite a few seconds thinking about what she'd just said.... I didn't give a shit about the balloon but totally wanted to have sex with her... and eventually I figured out what to say (blah I'm too slow to speak, I'm socially retarded). I got up, closed the door non-chalantely (sp fuck you) with my one index finger, and said something along the lines of "you can have it, but what do I get in return?". A deeper and semi-unrelated thought I had and that I was stuck on for quite a bit of time before/after/during was "it's not WHAT you say, but how you say it". So yea I pushed the door shut with my one index finger all fukken suave and I also gave her that line all fukken suave and then I walked up to her and kissed her. She seemed blank at first but eventually started kissing me back. We made our way to the floor and I fucked her passionately. Started getting more rough in my thrusting and she started making noise, so I put my hand over her mouth so my family just in the other room wouldn't hear. She pulled her head back and in a direction (left,right) to escape my palm but I repositioned it to get her to stfu. A few times this happened and eventually she finally told me something along the lines of "it hurts". Yes that's right ladies, even though my dick is skinny as fuck I am able to reach your back wall and cause you pain. I mean, unless you're a whore who takes nigger dick daily then nvm. I felt kinda guilty that I was causing her pain and especially that I'd been holding my hand over her mouth :-/. I also did have some of those thoughts along the line of "oh sheesh, I've fucked the help, now nothing will be the same".