Was in a weird environment that was a cross between an olympic sized swimming pool, a school, and just a general living community. I was [kinda] making music with some weird vest thing on. It wasn't MusicFingers but it got the job done in a more automated fashion. I'm not even sure I was making the music. It was a black thick/heavy vest with speakers in it. It may have even conrtolled my body and vibrated and such. It banged me around with the music, I think. Not in a painful sort of way. I recall being underwater upside-down at the very bottom of the deep end, my head just a foot from the bottom, and just chillen there listening to the music. Eventually a group of mostly black men entered the scene and they used some deliciously plump fat chick as a trick/lure or something. I think someone said "she's for you" and I was confused on what they meant by it... so in trying to figure out what they meant I grabbed behind both of her thighs just below her ass (while facing her, as if I was going to pick her up and fuck her like that). But then that's when I started talking to those random guys but the transition here is blurry/forgotten. We started walking fast-paced next to the pool as if we had a mission/objective, the leader of their group talked on a microphone to the rest of the pepole in the area, mostly [school] kids. He said something along the lines of "you're letting Steven lead this place['s music]?" or some such, idk. Indeed since they were kids there wasn't any attempt at competing. Somehow the subject of murder/killing was brought up and my opinion asked of it. I said "no" when asked if I was.... for it? I can't remember the exact question but I do remember my answer just being "no". I think they followed up with "but you agree it's necessary" or maybe "but I think it's necessary" and my response was a weird sort of neutral "alright" or "ok" or something. So we finally got to the place we were walking so intently and it was a bleacher part of the gymnasium (it was an indoor pool, did I mention?). Sitting there with his son was a guy we all knew to be racist. Neo-nazi type shit skinhead. He was just sitting there enjoying the festivities like many others. The group and I walked up to his seat, which was just the first row but still 2-3 steps high, and one of their group, I think the lead/talking guy, maybe says "hi" (but maybe the neo-nazi said that I forget) and then without hesitation shoots him in the head point blank. The guy didn't die instantly, but he became very slow. I think his mind rejected reality and substituted the bullet for a simple interview-esq question. he responded to that question that was never asked in a slow/dying manner: "I've... had... 4... beers,... 3... glasses... of... wine,..... and ... 3... compilments". And while he was saying that sentence, 2-4 more shots were delivered to his head/face. his head sort of drooped and sank forward as this all happened. Btw in the dream I interpreted compliments to be condiments, but maybe it was meant to be complEments? As in, additional drinks? idfk. It wasn't until I woke up that I realized compliments != condiments. Anyways, this of course shocked me. His teeth falling out of his deformed face and some dangling by chunks of skin hanging from his shot up face horrified me, as did his inappropriate reaction to it. When he finally got finished responding and he just about finished his drooping forward (but still keeping his chin up so he could see forwards... unrealistically), our eyes met. It was without a doubt the freakiest part of the dream, and these words won't do it justice. He had lost control over the rest of his body, but he fixed his eyes on mine. I guess he read the horror in my face and began to understand what was happening. His eyes looked terrified, but his facial expression didn't (couldn't) correlate. It was just a few seconds before he was probably dead, but seeing a pair of eyes and nothing else like that was really trippy/gruesome. I've seen some violence in my day (internet, dreams, and a tiny bit elsewhere), but this one was the creepiest to watch.