Dreams:
0) snowboarding, jail grandma, socks, drink/kiss
1) self storage portapotty concrete audio plugs wall "commercial only" 40+15 for residential (paper towels and toilet usage), snoop and laugh "don't like people going through your stuff at that age"


0) Night before last: Blurry dream about snowboarding, I went too fast off the top lip/face of a hill. Doing it slower makes the lip a jump and the hill itself your landing (I do this sometimes), but in the dream I was going WAAAAAAY to fast and I shot a good 50-100 feet out. The face below me was pretty steep, black diamond-esq, and that made my DROP something like 500-1000 ft. I knew I was dead when I landed. Blurry fear frozen squishy transformations, I never landed or even dropped very far before the dream changed. I had various segement visions of myself landing on or either snowboarding over people on the hill (*cough*), but they didn't seem directly related to that first butterfly-inducing jump. I snapped out of one of those visions and was sitting in a jail waiting room on a bench next to my grandma W. It was either a buzzer or someone saying my name that "woke me up" (I had my head in my lap/knees). I was in a delerious state and just started walking towards a door to my left. They (the DOs nearby) told me I was going to the wrong door. The door I almost went in was for inmates, and the other door to my right was the exit. I didn't know the door to my left was for inmates, but in my delerious state from just waking up, I assumed it was where I was supposed to go. My grandma and I drove home or something idk I do remember a car scene at night but it's kinda blurry. Also sometime during this period my grandma turned into a girl my own age. I recall her asking me over to her house after an awkward moment, I followed up by saying I'd have invited her to my house... if only I had one. We get to her apartment and as I'm walking in her first hallway I almost slip and fall on some extremely slippery surface (tile-like). Was the slipperiest I've ever felt (save for ice etc). It was like wearing socks on tile, but was way more slippery than that (and it did not have a "wet" feeling to it at all). I stood at the edge where the carpet (or osmething) met the slippery tile and eh just like sorta planned to do a run and surf on it (now that I'm ready for it I won't fall). The girl walked across the kitchen tile floor and started pouring herself an alcohol beverage. I did a little dash and surfed over to her, and before she could bring the glass to her lips I swooped in for the kiss. I also remember thinking that if I didn't move in fast, we'd be stuck in awkward conversation and would never get out :). Kissing is easier than talking.


1) Last night: An argument with my dad where I actually yelled back. It accomplished nothing of course. I think he fucked with my computer and it made me rage and want to move out asap. I also knew that my yelling at him incesantly dramatically increased the chances that my computer would be hulk smashed by the time I came back (from?). Aside: seriously though, realistically my fear of my computer getting hulk smashed is probably one of the main reasons I don't stand up to my cry baby of a dad (he has rage issues and I know it'd escelate extremely fast if he ever touched my computer (I'd threaten him, and that'd piss him off even more and yea. data (life) = gone). The argument we had consisted basically of both of us just screaming "FUCK YOU" back and forth and really not much else. The dream "felt" real... the adrenaline rush from yelling like that etc. But yea anyways that's what made me want to move out asap into a self storage unit. I went to a nearby one "$40/month" (real price too ;-P) and yea. It was like a "grand opening" it seemed. Basically ALL the self storage renters showed up on the same day, the overwhelming vast majority of them commercial users. I showed up "in" my box, which was about the size of a portapotty. It/they/somehow planted on top of a concrete block, i got out  and walked away/out. All the storage units were clumped together in a compact grid (how they really do it).I came back later, perhaps the next day... and now all those same storage units were spread out over the large field that the facility owned (maybe 4 times the size of the earlier grid), lots of spacing in between each unit and now the concrete blocks were sunken/buried into the ground. Took me a little time to find my unit but not that hard or anything. I went in it and remember setting up my computer. Specifically, I remember changing the audio/mic ports my shit was plugged into to be the "front" plugs in order to save just a few inches of space. I was going to LIVE in a portapotty sized room, so every inch counted. Eh idk blurry here and idk if I left and came back or what but I think I hopped a wall to an apartment complex that was near my unit in order to sneak in. Later some other day or something, a girl working there was noticing me acting suspicious so she looked into my unit. She saw a bed and some dirty clothes hanging and knew I was living there. She didn't really seem to care (as of writing, I have not confirmed that living in one is against the rules/illegal, but I assume it is not allowed) and laughed and said "so that's why you're acting all anxious/etc, when I was your age I didn't want people going through my stuff either". She implicitly said that living in it was not against the rules. Later, the next day or something, the guy owner of the place introduced a fee for those living in the units (I wonder where he got that idea ;-P?). $15 on top and it included some paper towels (wtf?) and access to the on-site/shared bathroom.