0) Irvin
1) Lexi
2) Black


0) Forgot to write about this dream, and also (1) was the same night and I forgot to even outline that one. Not very much of the dream is remembered. There was a video camera that grew in quality from 1080p to 480mbps (yes I know, different means of measuring). "Grew" as in maybe I was just analyzing it and the number kept getting higher than I thought it would be (1080p). Idk. I recall a point seeing his non-twin sister, but I didn't recognize her. Either that or I thought it was his sister and upon asking, it wasn't. The dream seemed to take place on a lake and/or near a pool. Memories of jumping off speeding boats (so fucking fun) surrounded the dream and maybe even made an appearenace in it.


1) A snake or some predator took a bite out of lexi, and I curb stomped it to try to save lexi. The predator died, but I accidentally curb stomped some of lexi in the process. Like a shrimp, she was squeezed out of her "shell/tail" (unseen) and all that was left was a little white creature maybe the size of a peanut (in peanut shell). A shrimp is the nearest thing I can describe it as, but it was more like some kind of ultra sensitive tissue'd organism that was vulnerable out in the open like that. Lexi was beyond saving at that point, and I stared at her with sadness and imagned her thinking "what did I do wrong to get here?", sulking in her last final moments of life. It wasn't her fault, she did nothing wrong. Life is cruel.


2) Last night. In an amusement park of sorts and maybe on a ride for some part of the dream, there was some catchy tune playing that somehow used "opposites" and/or a white bike wheel to [...no fucking clue...(some part of the song rhymed or fuck idk)]. Later we/I ventured away from the hilly amusement park stuff (rides, random objects, etc) toward a black rectangular cube (err, not a cube then). It was maybe 1 ft tall and 10-15 ft long and maybe 5ft wide. You could walk on it. Kind of reminded me of 2001 space odyssey, except it was laying down (although suspended in the air somehow). All objects ceased to exist the closer they got to the black thing, including whatever I was riding on to get there. I got right next to it so that I was able to reach out and touch it (don't think I did though), and I looked down at it and understood that it was just a bunch of pre-evolved rocks clinging together. There was a small layer of water on the surface that made it shiny and reflective. Tiny pieces of black rock floated around in that same water, just above the large black cube.

The dream transformed a lot and maybe you could consider the rest a separate dream: I was in some science facility with someone else (black cube thing no longer in sight/mind, but weirdly I don't remember any transition whatsoever). We weren't supposed to be there, and I think I may have been tampering with a computer terminal or something similar. We either got chased out or just left because we knew people were coming. I recall riding a scooter (foot powered) around on sidewalks and such after that. At one point we were in a baseball stadium. The person I was with jumped over a railing/stadium-level. I looked down to see if he landed on something soft and lived (if he did, I would follow). I recall seeing him land on some black padded thing, but I don't think I followed him even though he lived (I only considered it).