1) Excited/Crazy face in void
2) Snowboarding
3) Hideous worn face
4) Flying
5) Eye
6) STD


1) This one felt like I was neither dreaming nor awake. That is to say, I couldn't tell which it was. May have been mere CEVs/imagination, or may have been a dream (doubtful but possibly a hallucination (no drugs tho)). I was laying in bed when it happened, so dream is most likely. I saw my face in a void and it was post launch: what I am to become. It frightened me somewhat, but not nearly as much as (3) which was a few nights later. I just looked batshit insane is all. My hair looked crazy and standing up and my facial expression and eyes were.... sort of like that pirate dream in terms of sheer craziness... but with my own flavor added to it: blissful adrenalized happiness. Giant fucking grin ear to ear (like my best one, except better). It scared me only because I am not living like that right now. Yes, I want to be (or at least think I want to be), but the life I'm living right now is calm/comfortable/uneventful/shit. I will be lost in translation from the transition of binding my thoughts to my speech. It will be weird at first. The face I saw in a void (no body attached (not to imply that he was decapitated)) was already used to being launched. He was a musician programmer, facing life and sprinting through it just to get a runner's high.


2) Same night as (1), me and some guy were snowboarding and we went on a back trail where there was really thick powder. I worried because if I was to fall I'd be pretty fucked/stuck in the deep powder. We went through some tree'd area and then out onto an open run, that for some reason (trail above it closed, idk), was empty and pure powder also. I went straight down the mountain and although the thought of hitting a bump and getting fucked crossed my mind, I was sure there was enough powder to not feel a single thing. I got to going ridiculously fast and even felt scared at how fast I was going, but didn't want to slow down because that would increase chances of falling. I was going so fast that everything became fakely blurry, like hyper speed etc in movies (but the effect was pretty minimal). Toward the bottom there was a little training school going on (I guess they just walked up the hill a bit) over on the right side of the run and I had to turn a little to the left to not hit them, but there was plenty of time/room so I did.


3) This and (4) were night before last: It was brief and I can't even fully recall the imagery. It was as if the image itself was "god knowledge" implanted into my brain, without my ever actually seeing it (although it felt as though I did see it (that too could have been god knowledge implanted)). There was a hideous face, and I'm not sure it was in a void but I guess that's implied. What I took from the dream is that whether I am (1) or (3) is entirely up to me. I was old and my skin looked gross, almost like a burn victim except not. Just like dirty and wrinkly and perhaps even cut up all over the place. Hair looked natty and even more dirty/messy than in (1) (in 1 it was mostly just like "wild" like up/left/right etc, whereas in this one it was longer and like dred locks icky).


4) I was sleeping in between receiving my 1.8" TFT LCD and actually getting it to work the morning after, and in my dream I was theorizing about how I could just assemble simple debian boxes and sell them, or perhaps even put an emphasis on "bitcoin" and daisy-chain them together in output-only/input-only secure mode (with instructions). Of course the fingers, which have yet to ever be assembled, would factor in as well. I don't want to take that route, but I thought about the possibility (and oh yea, I would maybe ALSO take it, _POST_-launch (serial entrepreneuer sup)) and was thinking even more about it in the dream. I was at some outdoorsy restaurant waiting to be seated just going from waiting seat to waiting seat thinking about the design of it as we moved closer to being actually seated, when I guess I finalized it in my brain (or just realized it didn't have to be that fancy idfk) and I like walked against the wind and put my arms out and the wind picked me up and I started flying. I turned around and flew with the wind and along a long sidewalk through the middle of a park (the restaurant was also in the middle of the park). On my right as I flew along, I saw Bam Margera and gang, and for some reason George Clooney was hanging with them as well, but he seems like the type to want to hang out with them so it kinda made sense. As I passed them I said "don't mind me, I'm just flying" in a joking matter and they laughed/pointed-jealously. After passing them and coming up to the end of the sidewalk which approached a freeway underpass, I landed and turned around to start again. This time I was more confident that the wind would catch me, so I didn't just lean forward and let the air pick me up but instead jumped forward......... and face planted. Pretty sure Bam and gang all saw it but the dream ended right about there.


5) This one I just had hours ago. I didn't feel lucid exactly but it became pretty clear to me that it was a dream, at least 'at' the transition. I remember being in a room, my room, and I was standing around. This part was all dark and blurry. I looked at something that showed me my reflection and I kept getting closer and closer to my eye: just like I want to do in a lucid dream (except again, this wasn't). I got so close to the mirror(?) that I was maybe an inch away and the eye was all I could see, and I just kept getting closer and closer. I, my vision, went inside the eye and immediately my actual eye, laying in bed, opened up (both or one idfk). This was when I knew it was a dream, but it still felt weird/etc. It felt different from being awake, ALTHOUGH OBVIOUSLY I WAS. A way to describe it: reverse lucid dream. All the wild theories about alternate universes being the subjects of my dreams, or even that I am my subconscience only when I am dreaming, etc etc, all factor in. My subconscience looked through my waking eye? Idfk, just blind guesses. I felt awake, but also a hint of still being asleep. The instantaneous transition from zooming into the eye to the actual opening of my eye was intriguing as fuck, so I tried to just roll with it and see where the dream(?) went from there, but never got back down into dream land so idk.


6) This dream happened idk maybe a week ago or so. We were at some cabin in a wooded area and there was a whole bunch of us, maybe 30, and I think just one doctor. We were all getting STD tests and the manner that we tested for em was by killing, and possibly raping, some small sized animal: perhaps a squirrel. I don't know how it made any fucking sense but the thought of African's raping virgins to cure them of AIDS came to mind: except ours was just for testing. I remember thinking that the animal/squirrel I had was too small (like the size of a rat/mouse) and that the doctor would call me a pedo/etc, but he didn't say anything and I avoided making eye contact with him. Btw all this shit happened outdoors and I think there was some indoor scenes too but I forget.