A beautiful girl with light blue (almost teal) eye makeup only behind one eye (about as high as her eyebrows, and the same radius below and to the sides). I kinda get a thing for her but only tell her by staring at her. I try to find the words, but nothing comes to me. It doesn't matter though, she gets it. It was more of a dating thing, though there was obviously still a sexual element.

A bunch of scene transitions and shit (idfk), I'm living in this shitty $515 room on campus at ASU. I think it's such a good deal because it's literally in one of the hallways. I'm a broke ass nigga just like IRL, and I try to hide that from the girl but I'm still somehow able to make rent (idfk how) and I wonder if maybe she wouldn't care anyways (ed: doubtful. all bitches are whores). Later I have a small little party thing going on in that shitty cement walled and floored room, maybe 8 people cramped up in this tiny studio with no detached kitched (just the one room with a fucking shower in the corner). I think the girl might have been there with us but maybe not (maybe she was coming later?). Some guy sitting there with us (I think we're all on our asses leaning against the walls) says "You coulda lived here for free a year ago" and pretty much says I got scammed. I tell him that a year ago, this room was a crypt. I'm even able to have a flashback to that room. Maybe earlier in the dream I saw it and have just mostly forgotten that part of the dream. Well yea the room was full of rocks and wood all the way to the ceiling, and I think in the middle of it all was a dead guy. So the guy was wrong, the room wasn't even vacant a year ago. But still he's not wrong about it being a shitty room. Aside from location, it's a dump. There's still tiny wooden sticks everywhere, and there are deep (~1ft) cracks where the walls meet the floor... practically all the way around the room. It was a normal sized room, but maybe a tiny bit longer than normal to account for the shower in the corner (no wall or anything separating it).

I think there was a knocking scene but this part is really blurry. I think I had to rely on some shitty ass lock on the door to keep someone out, idfk who, maybe some of those guys from the party or maybe someone else entirely. I vaguely recall thinking shit along the lines of "this may be a dump, but it's mine and I don't have to let anybody in" (ed: which certainly reflects my real life situation... fuck I'll live anywhere as long as I can fucking express myself shit).

Yea idk the dream changes a lot. So much it almost seems like a different dream but I'm pretty sure it isn't. Something about backflips through a wall and being glad there wasn't a cement wall on the other side of the shitty weak wall that I backflipped through. I think even at the top of a bridge and maybe I backflipped down into a river down below (maybe different backflip incidents, maybe not). Swimming in a honey filled pool/tank with dolphins in it. As I'm swimming to get out I feel their fin underneath my hand. I'm tempted to grab on for a ride but wonder if maybe they'll drag me down under. Also wonder if maybe they'll poke me to death with their noses, and I fear them similar to a fear of sharks.