0) I was in thailand in a (elementary school?) classroom with some friends. I went out off the classroom and walked around the outdoor hallways to get to another classroom where I was trying to get some big colorful candy/sweet-thing/psbly-cake-ish. I got a little lost and veered a few hundred feet off the hallway sidewalks and away from the classrooms. When I realized this, I started heading back, but a school security guard saw me and didn't realize I was just returning. He confronted me with his rifle, and I somehow deduced he was going to kill me. Maybe just by the way he was approaching and the things he was saying. I kept trying to say/mouth slowly "school", but I could tell he didn't understand. I turned and ran to try to get away from death, but he chased after me a few steps and shot me ~5 times in the back. I felt each one and they felt real. They were basically into my heart, but through my back and not my chest (well maybe if they were fmj they would have come out the front, the dream didn't specify). It was weird being shot. It hurt but since it's your final moment, the adrenaline neutralizes that bullshit. I think I flopped forward into the ground and that was it.


1) Was at a real/awesome international supermarket, in chandler mostly knwon for asian stuff, walking around and I saw an employee prepping a giant clam. I think it was already out of the shell but I could be wrong. I say that because it looked red and bloody and DELICIOUS. It was $5.50 and I thought that was a great deal considering it was like 10lb of meat!! It was a bit larger than a basketball widthwise, and about the same size as a basketball maybe smaller heightwise.


2) Fuckin taking a picture for Kaylee (of her and her family) from the ceiling and I'm on some random shit hanging from the ceiling and she says it's too high because there's a wall blocking the view. She's right but the thing I'm on keeps drooping down like some gum being stretched or something and eventually it settles on the floor.