0) Newport Matt
1) Stateless hacked
2) Lucid self (song)
3) Lucid kitchen (song, no dance)
4) False awakening drunk, fake police
5) Newport after Foxxy train, hotel, death & midget
6) CD
7) Garage briefcase, police, gum


0) This one happened quite a while ago (week or two). I'm really only writing it because it seems to tie in with the one later on in this doc. My parents got a house in/near Newport and I walked over to Matt's Newport house and was surprised that it wasn't that far. Not as far as I thought it was. There were a bunch of old elementary school peeps there and they seemed to all be a big group of friends just lazy'ing about at Matt's house (their informal HQ I guess). There were some new faces, as well as a girl I'd never seen before: the token girl of the group (just like the 'token black guy' of a group -southpark). I think she was blonde and idk I never really looked at her directly in the eyes or even really said anything directly to her... basically because I'm a shy piece of shit but also because I didn't want to be "that guy" who just shows up and hits on the only girl in a mostly-guy group and makes the girl uncomfortable (a role I play far too often ;-P). Eh so we watched some movie on a projector screen and I laid down on some chairs and watched it through the corner cracks in the movie-theater-style chairs in front of me (the bottom left/right of the chairs). I always seemed to know the position of that girl, and tried to neither be too close nor too distant -- definitely overthinking it. I ended up behind her and to the right in that movie seat configuration, but figured since we were all watching some movie that bleh it didn't matter where I sat in relation to her (I think I was the only one laying down). The dream transitioned and we were walking along the boardwalk and I think I/we eventually went in the water. But at this point the group wasn't in the dream anymore and I think it was just me in the water, possibly also with Caydon but I'm unsure about that. The waves were fucking huge: Maverick sized. I kept diving underneath them and hugging the ocean floor, hoping each time that I was low enough. There were numerous waves where the wave almost crashed directly on top of me (meaning that even if I would normally have been low enough, I was at a spot where I'd need to be MUCH lower (you have to go further towards the wave or away from it in order to avoid this; it's dangerous af with big waves)). This happened for quite a while, wave after wave and just barely being low enough to not get caught in the washing machine. Eventually I think I finally decided to ride a wave on my boogie board. I think I reasoned that everybody's gotta die sometime. To my surprise, after the first/scariest drop-in, riding the waves was much easier than ducking underneath each one... as long as you road with the wave sideways and never let it crash on you. I guess that really does make sense: you can spend your whole life ducking the waves and have a pretty drab experience with the ocean/waves.... compared to if you grow a pair and drop the fuck in. I think I ended up being/becoming quite good at riding those waves, possibly even professional and maybe even #1 worldwide. I thought about how impressed that girl would be with me now xD. (My ego is larger than mah dih).


1) This up until (5) happened the night before last. Was in some foreign country staying at my aunt/uncle Becher's house there, but also visited my grandparents' house nearby too. Some hacker guy communicated with me somehow while I was at my grandparents' house on their computer, I think via voice. He asked me a few random ass questions, idfk what exactly except the last one. He had a line: "while :; do LUA LUA LUA; done" -- maybe it was the word LAMBDA instead of lua.. but when I read it when I was thinking about was definitely LUA and not Lambda (I just remember the word being longer than 3 characters). He asked me to confirm the command or something... to syntax check it more or less. I told him to take it out of the while loop in case it fails... at least until he confirmed that it worked. He did what I said, then ran it. A whole bunch of 3d white and blue cubes with the word LUA/LAMBDA written on them appeared on the screen. I knew they were hardware accelerated and running on the GPU. He said "haha I hacked you" or something along those lines. He had taken down d3fault.net and replaced it with your typical "TAKEDOWN BY [takedown group]" (funnily, I think the takedown group was really named "takedown groupo" lol (come on subconscious, you can be more creative than that ;-P)). He tried to rub it in my face but I just laughed at him and said "I wanted you to do it!". Those 3d cube things were not on the front page of the site; only he and I saw that through some ssh connections to the site. I lol'd that he installed and ran an X server just to perform a takedown. Well anyways I left my grandparents' house and went back to the Bechers. Found out that since I was so distracted with the hacker shit that I had missed my plane ride out of that country. I think some country officials came by to tell me that or maybe try to now detain me, idfk it gets really blurry here. I just watched "The grand budapest hotel" about a week ago so it reminded me of that. War broke out yada yada and I was stateless there. Since I missed that first flight I was now stuck there and possibly even jailed. There was an elaborate escape scene but I've mostly forgotten it all (the escape sequence was nothing like in that movie tho -- mine seemed to take place mostly already outside).


2) I might have the ordering between this and (3) reversed, I'm unsure but doubt it matters (it matters enough to mention though, clearly). Eh I had a flash from a music video I could make: toggling (juxtaposing? never knew how to use this word) a calm ambient part of the song with me calmly hacking or dancing vs. some loud dubstep part of the song and me in a suit and tie with a briefcase taking enormous (possibly slow motion) steps outside on some sidewalk (mocking businessmen in general). Well anyways the idea made me start laughing, which [falsely] woke me up banging my bent right foot into the ground because I was laughing so hard. I felt carpet underneath my foot and that's what made me know it was a lucid dream (since I knew I wasn't sleeping on the floor; I had woken up out of dreams lots of times that night and found myself laying on my bed). I got up from the floor in my old cali house (which weirdly still seemed to be my room (lucid but stupid I guess)) and I think I danced to a song, or at least wanted to dance to a song, in the middle of my room there. The song appears in (3) also, and fuck I'm not even sure it is a real song but man I fucking loved it and wish it was (well, it IS real... but it only ever existed in that dream; OWNED (I am the only person that will ever have heard it (maybe we can extract it using future technology? I hope so :-S))). Some kind of nice smooth techno shit idk; I even tried to remember the song title so I could listen to it again after waking up... but after waking up I couldn't remember the song title... and also started to doubt it even exists in waking reality (but when I was dreaming I was pretty sure it did). So yea after that I started walking towards my closed door to go to the hallway, but then decided to have some fun and to look at myself laying on the top bunk of the bunk bed there. The lucid dream started to fall apart even just entertaining the idea of it (mind segfault... but weirdly each time I try to do this I seem to get closer and closer :-D). I managed to keep it from falling apart though. I was looking at the closed door and wall next to the bedframe and everything began to fractalize. It was fucking awesome looking tbh, how I always THOUGHT acid would be like (it still could, I haven't done it that many times). I asked myself what I wanted to see and responded that I didn't want to wake myself up from it and I didn't want to scare myself either. Each time I added a filter to what I wanted to see, the amount of fractiles on the door/wall/etc decreased. Still was fractilized enough to be enjoyable after applying those filters. I finally looked up and to my left over at where my head would have been if I was sitting up, but saw nothing. I didn't go over and pull the covers from over my face... I for some reason expected the version of my in bed to be sitting up and looking right back at me (maybe that's what my brain segfault has trasformed into: the assumption that the sleeping me would be awake and looking back -- honestly I don't care what the other me is doing (asleep vs. awake), I just want to see me!). The entire dream fell apart pretty quickly after that... maybe I would have pulled the covers from over my face, but I didn't have the opportunity to.


3) Yea I'm actually more sure now that this one came before (2) but whatever. Was in the kitchen in cali house on comp there and I wrote a one liner doc into the computer there. It was weirdly still my same comp setup I have here/now, and I facepalm'd after realizing that I wrote the doc into my online (insecure) computer instead of my offline (more secure) comp. It was just a single doc/sentence so I just had to make a note to import it etc. But the dream became lucid and I was no longer on the comp anymore; the doc/line is lost forever (unless future technology can extract that (why do I write down ANYTHING then? lol. I guess because I have to live until that technology is invented/discovered)). Elaborating/OT on that technology: just because we can't recall a memory, doesn't mean the memory hasn't been losslessly physically encoded in our brain's memory cells (yes it's just a theory/guess, but it doesn't seem too improbable (after all, we can discover old memories during hypnosis/etc!!!)). That same song from (2) also played, and I had the fucking urge to dance to it... but didn't because idk I guess I was kind of unsure if it was a lucid dream or not... and if it WASN'T a dream then I didn't want to do the dance because I wasn't recording myself doing the dance... and I didn't want to have those tiny cameras everywhere to steal and copyright my choreography (YOU BASTARDS! I can't even dance in my own fucking dreams because of this stupid fucking society....).


4) I finally thought I had woken up, but I still wasn't sure. I was walking around (my actual neighborhood currently) drunk, which was the reason I couldn't determine if it was a dream or reality. Still it seemed real enough and I figured I'd be on the safe side and behave as if it were reality. I was kinda scared that I was out walking drunk. Not of death/injury, but of the police. Malum Prohibilum (I just learned this phrase yesterday while doing research on loitering legality). I walked on the sidewalk next to the greenbelt and down toward guadalupe. When I got to guadalupe I started to walk west towards val vista. I walked ultra slow... had no destination and was just chillen. I heard some biker guy come up behind me and I didn't look at him but I kinda thought he was probably the police. After following me for a while he finally stopped me and put chain handcuffs on me. I asked to see some identification since he was wearing plainclothes (undercover?)... white shirt and blue jeans. He handed me an envelope and I start to open it. His friends show up in cars/SUVs around this time. I unfold some papers in the envelope and see that it's just a ticket stub for some movie or sporting event. I guess he figured I wouldn't look in the envelope. At this point I realize they aren't police and demand to see the IDs of the ones just arriving. They make up some bullshit excuse or whatever and at this point I scream for help. Of course nobody helps but it does get them to back away from me just a tad. I make a run for it. Somehow there's also a friend of mine nearby (nameless, idfk) who's also being chased and he suggests we hop on my R1 that's sitting nearby (appeared out of nowhere lol). He even grabs my chain handcuffs and tries to pull me toward the bike. I resist his tugging and am about to become hostile/violent towards my friend who is pulling me towards my death... but he lets go before that happens. I yell to him while running "there's not enough time" -- and indeed, there wasn't. Need at least 5-10 seconds MINIMUM (that's a damn low estimate too), whereas we only had 1-2 seconds lead while running lol. So I make it away from them and am hiding in neighborhoods. I see an SUV drive by at one point and run across a street and hide on my stomach behind a hill thing. I think I was planning to go home (Catamaran house for some reason) just to get my shotgun, but then to leave there right away since they'd surely know to look for me there.


5) I think my parents finally kicked me out, idk. I was on a train with two other trannies. One was nameless (idfk) and the other was Foxxy. She said I should come with them and that we'd have a good time or whatever, but I stuck with my original route and got off the train. I knew I had chosen a branch of existence that was very different from the other way. I went to go be a homeless person living in a tent on the beach at Newport. That + foodstamps would be my life (if only I didn't have computers in my life (FUCK DESKS BUT I AM STILL BOUND TO MINE), that would be a viable life). I think I checked into a hotel from peer pressure from two other people, idfk who they were. I didn't even go in the room, just flaked right after "checking in" (filling out paper, nothing more) and after the consierge stated that we needed to pay by 6pm (I guess we looked flaky). Idk but yea I just wandered the beach and boardwalk and stuff. Knew I could take a bath in the ocean everyday, but also wondered if I'd get harassed by cops for living in a tent there (it's fucking bullshit that the beach is illegal, but eh democracy can do whatever the fuck it wants).... or if there'd be a fee/etc. Well as I was walking along the boardwalk I saw some huuuuge waves crashing (Maverick size again). I went into a surfer's dugout (such a thing does not exist) where we all waited/watched, perhaps even took turns going in the water. Normal waves would not reach that dugout on the sand, but there was one ridiculously huge wave that did. It came crashing in just moments after I stepped into that dugout. All 20+ of us beachgoers became entangled with one another. It was painful but numbing (adreline). As the wave then pulled us all out to see in a giant ball of arms and legs, one guy spoke for all of us when he said "god I love this city". We knew the risks and gladly accepted the consequences. So now we were out among the giant crashing waves. I recalled the earlier dream of ducking vs. riding them, but don't think I rode one. I think the first big wave that came crashed a lot of us way up above the usual beach. Even up above the buildings where there was another stretch of flat sand on top of the buildings (lol wut?) (the dugout now completely submerged by THIS even bigger wave) is where the wave crashed and we landed... now in shin deep water on the sand. There were a few of us there, maybe 4 out of that earlier group in the dugout. A fat little midget man appeared, he reminded me of a half horse/goat man thing I've seen in some cartoon movie (maybe hercules), but he was all human. He had light black markings (tatoos I guess) all over his body, I think they were all question marks (not saying I don't remember them: they were the question mark symbols!). He informed us, one at a time, that we were dead. I was sort of shocked by this and was even in a bit of denial of it. I recalled the movie Jacob's Ladder and asked him if he was my messenger guy, and he said yea.


6) Very brief dream: I saw myself all done up as a crossdresser, either in a mirror or just in the 3rd person, and I looked fucking cute as fuck. I could still tell I was a man, but only barely (enough to be passable, but a keen and practiced eye such as myself can still tell the difference (I can spot a trap a mile away (I let them think they're tricking me (true story I've never written ;-P)))). Something about my chin was just a tiny bit manly, but other than that I was pretty close to passable. My dark brown hair/wig looked nice and I mean shit idk what else to say: I'd fuck me.


7) Something about a job I was in some organization idk maybe organized crime but it's all pretty blurry. Some famous rich fuck maybe that real estate guy who ran the whole show was placing a briefcase in a garage amongst a bunch of other junk. I figured he had a bunch of briefcases in a bunch of garages and that was his way of spreading out his shit to minimize his losses. I got jealous of his suit and even considered jacking the briefcase later on... but I think he could tell (and probably of course anticipated) since I was eyeballing it so damn hard. Later some cops came in a van/truck thing, the same van/truck thing that brought us (3 or so) to that garage to begin with (I think we were on lookout? idk)... except this time the cops only asked me to get in the van/truck thing and that's when I knew something was up. They were saying they were gonna take me somewhere but as we were driving they discussed among themselves that they could just drop me off down by some pong/swamp thing. They pulled off the side of the road and it was pretty obvious that I was about to be killed. They offered me a piece of gum in a handshake sort of way. I knew if I took his hand that he'd not let go and it would be the death of me. Still I made a quick strike for the gum only and of course he then tried to grab my hand just as I predicted. Not sure if I got the gum at all but I then scrambled out of the back of the van/truck that was for some weird reason still open and took off. In all honesty I think they would have shot me as I was climbing out of the van/truck, but in the dream I made it out and even managed to get away from the car without being shot either.