0) Bridge, air tunnel
1) Tapeworm/millipede
2) Cop
3) Fishbowl/Pizza Tanner
4) Erin finger stroke, phone -> "chill"

Most of these dreams occured over the last week or so (was too lazy to write them), but everything from the cop dream on happened last night.


0) We were in a city, and the city was under construction as we were occupying it (realistically, the people would go somewhere else during the construction (but obviously it's metaphor for "we are forced to deal with evolution as it happens (including disasters)")). There was a giant bridge that was being lowered into place (and it swung left and right as it was being lowered), connecting with the other half of the bridge. There were thousands of us standing on the bridge as it was being lowered into place. As it almost settled, I noticed wind and was able to predict the physics that were just about to happen. The bridge would be lifted up and slide backwards and slam back down, and we'd all possibly die. The time between my prediction and it happening was only a few seconds. It did happen, but we didn't all die. I think a good deal of people did get crushed and/or sucked into the cracks of the bridge as it slid backwards and then crashed onto the ground. I recall a "crack" in the bridge and it seemed obvious that some people died in it. Still, I was standing on the bridge near where the two halves of the bridge were about to connect (before the wind), so I and many others survived. As I was standing over by the crack, my dad came over and asked me if I thought that would happen again. I told him my guess was that it wouldn't, but that I wasn't sure. He interpreted it as my saying "it will not happen again". He was somehow the construction guy in charge of it (I'm not sure he was originally in charge, but he was at that point). I felt bleh that he misinterpreted what I'd said, how was I to know whether or not it'd happen again? Much later in the dream, there was a new tunnel thing being unveiled (about 1-2 stories tall/wide). It was an air tunnel (with glass sides (or at least one glass side) for some reason). It sucked fresh air from the desert/non-city-area and then injected it straight into the heart of a polluted city.


1) There was a weird worm thing swimming around under my skin, looked like a cross between a tapeworm and a millipede. I pressed on my skin wherever it appeared, trying to crush/kill it. It always got away (probably by just burrowing). I did it so often though that I guess it decided to find a better host (idfk tbh), it left my body (didn't see it leave, but saw it a few moments later). I tried to crush it as it was crawling on some piece of the outside world, I missed and it disappeared behind that same thing it was crawling on and I never saw it again.

Interpretation: life always survives (by definition)


2) Cops pull me over in a car and start shouting at me through the megaphone, I think they told me to drop the "<something>". Whether it was gun or music-fingers-computer I'm unsure, I remember in the dream thinking it was something I should remember. They shined flashlights through the back of my car and onto me and I wasn't even sure they were talking to me because I wasn't doing anything wrong (and wasn't holding a weapon). I pointed to myself in the light and said "me?" (in retrospect, my finger MIGHT have resembled a gun? so probably better to keep your hands on the steering wheel). A cop maneuvered around the right side of my car intensely, possibly rolling here and there, until he was now standing at the front-right part of my car and we could see each other better through the windshield. I think he repeated the thing about dropping whatever I was holding (???), then started shooting me. I tried a tiny bit to dodge it (ducking down and towards the right), but I think the first shot hit me in the neck/chest/lower-face so at that point I pretty much knew this was it. He kept shooting and I felt shots go through the center portion of my face. As I was dying I determined that this was most likely an assassination. They'd chuck a gun onto my passenger seat and say "he went for the gun". It was strange how unafraid I was. I felt confident in infinite multiverse theory so I just didn't give a fuck. The pain also didn't hurt. It felt forceful, but neither sharp nor blunt (or even anything that resembled "pain"). My face/head was being split open and it felt like my cutting a roast turkey open: I could feel the tear, but there was no pain. The screen went black and I knew I'd be waking up shortly, and I did. I wasn't relieved it was a dream; I wasn't "relieved to be alive". I was just like "meh". "Meh, in an alternate universe a [corrupt] cop killed me, big friggin' whoop".


3) Was at dinner with my grandparents (which?) and Tanner D. I ordered a fishbowl (literally a bowl of tiny slimy fish) but then regretted it after Tanner ordered a pizza (large enough for us all). The fishbowl came and Tanner ate some too. The dream skipped to me now at home (or maybe I woke up and forgot where I was? but it seemed like I was in cali), and I questioned how I got home even in the dream. I should have realized it was a dream, but didn't. I guess I figured I got drunk and passed out.


4) Dream is pretty blurry and seems to overlap (3), Erin Fletcher kept stroking my finger as I put my hand behind me while sitting in class (she sat behind me in the dream, but a very similar incident did in fact happen in 8th grade science class... except she sat next to me instead (and I was too pussy to make a move fml)). Idk the dream bounced back and forth between that and my wanting to call her. But I didn't know what to say so then the dream'd go back to her stroking my finger in class. I think I eventually determined to just say "want to chill" or "let's chill". Pretty vague and open to interpretation and PERFECT. OT: It is so simple (best solutions usually are), but you do have to get past the opening conversation (the most difficult part imo) before you say it. Bleh simply saying "want to make out?" right off the bat is sooooo much easier. Still, I think I'll hang onto that "wanna chill" shit. Funny, I've said it so many times before (by default) and yet now that I feel I have the ability to communicate, I will still use it. Semi-back on track: I don't think I ever did call her, whatever. After waking up though I did hear Caydon say "wanna chill" to something on the computer, maybe I was sleep-talking (doubtful)? Just a strange coincidence.