0) Bookstore
1) Car


0) Walked into a bookstore and sat on a bench in the middle. Relaxed and threw my left arm over the backrest of the bench like a cool freakin' guy. Just then Kaylee and her mom (who goes to college) happened to exit a book aisle and Kaylee saw me but her mom didn't. It was coincidence that we were both at the bookstore, and she knew from my posture and (more importantly) facial expression that I hadn't stalked her there. We exchanged looks like "lol wut?", then she turned and walked towards her mom who was looking at some book on a nearby shelf. About halfway towards her mom, her right eye glanced [right] over to me and said a lot (can't put it into words. If you aren't able to deduce it, you aren't human). After talking with her mom for a few moments and perhaps having a small debate over books, they were in the process of splitting up (to browse separately) when I decided to say "hi Kaylee and Robyn" (I guess I knew I now wouldn't be interrupting?). Kaylee acted embarrassed or something (something less than embarrassed, but same category) in front of her mom and still "split" to go browse separately.

There was a gap in the dream here, now I'm talking to my dad and he asks me if I know of any good books. I tell him I don't know of any. In my head I kept thinking "is he subtlely asking me about my book?" (which I'm not even sure he knows exists yet (they're more interested in 'business', so I figure Abc2 is all they care about)).

Upon trying to leave the bookstore, a security guard wanted to see a receipt or something before letting me go (PSA: ignore those demands. if they don't catch you in the act of theft, they have no right to detain you). I told him I didn't have one because I didn't buy anything, and then he asks to see my credit card. On it is the word written "new" (really irl too), and he somehow thinks that one of the cashiers wrote that on there and he asks me if it was a found credit card that I had just picked up. I don't really get what he was asking, and kinda forget too. Anyways he refuses to give me the credit card back, so I just rip it out of his hands and take off (I hadn't done anything illegal, so fuck it/him). I expect him to chase me, or maybe for him to at least have given me a challenge at escaping, but I don't turn around while running so I'm not sure if he didn't try to chase me or was just slow.

I ran up onto some empty bleachers in/near a forest and sat at the top drinking a beer, but not before yelling at some wolves/coyotes (idk which, but definitely bigger than your typical AZ coyote) who appeared to be having pack war. They were not in fact having a pack war, but were surrounding and taking stabs at a big fluffy sheep. I saw the sheep earlier (before going into the bookstore) and the wolves were doing the same thing then. The sheep's wool coat was a dark gray near black, from mud etc. I was surprised the sheep was still alive, considering it was surrounded by 20+ wolves who'd been going at it for well over 10 minutes. I yelled at the pack[s] to try to get them to stop fighting each other, but when it turned out it was just one pack taking swipes at a lone sheep, I didn't know what to say.

The bleachers were within eyesight of this feed, but there was no entertainment value in watching it so I just kind of zoned out looking at the scenery and sippin mah brew. A couple came and joined me on the top bench of the bleachers, sat kind of near but far enough for strangers. The girl was giving me looks that were easy af to read: she'd rather be with me than her bf. I'd hit it, she was attractive. We talked about fuck I don't know what, something about the oceanwater and beer and the sheep being eaten. Oceanwater and beer were confused for one another (not in the dream, but as I'm writing it now I can't decipher wtf was going on). She said something about oceanwater (beer?) being in the sheep, but I said "you're in Arizona there's not an ocean anywhere near". She responded saying there's oceanwater in Scottsdale, and I'm leik "wat". Either her or her bf said something about my beer that kind of related to the discussion of oceanwater not being near, and my reply was "[blah blah something] well my beer is right here" and I pointed to it in my hand.


1) Took some DXM and it was just starting to kick in. I was driving a car, so knew I should park before it did. In a parking lot I drove "over the lines" (empty parking spaces) to get to a parking spot near a building. Parked and sat there for just a few moments before a cop came over to me and asked me if I was speeding. I think I was in the process of saying "well I did cut over some lines to get here", but the cop cut my response short (interrupted/etc) at "well I did" and took it as a confession of speeding (PSA: do not talk to cops. ever. this is why). Suddenly I felt surrounded by a weird force. Hard to describe, but I knew I couldn't trust anything, not even my own eyesight, from then on. Everything became virtual reality or something. Even while in the dream I was able to focus on the sheer simplicity of that fault in communication... which leads to an innocent being convicted of something they didn't do. Life's scary, so easy for anyone to fuck you over (and worse, there's even incentive for them to do so).