No talking for whatever reason, submit, money, puppy role play after ask/follow, aerial show 'timber' or 'tumber' drawing ("i can hear you if you stay below me"), demonstration of gun accuracy, parrallel with some tangent light orb ball, walking with sled thing and i set some thing down that snags some animal (dog?), "open door" name duplicate, stabbing, joke/aperture/cut


I get in trouble for some reason and this is way before the dream tells me it's a prison/jail and it seems like a pool area at first and there's lots of "sessions" where I am completely silent and each time walk up to 'her' and point to my mouth asking if I can speak again. She says no so many times and I do eventually stop even asking (I just go over and sit next to her on some bleachers). Eventually after enough just sitting I point at my mouth again, she says "what?", so then I say "can I talk now?" and she says "no" again. Oh before this and leading up to it (one 'session' before), I found some kind of sturdy rope thing from some other shit idfk what and tucked it behind me maybe in my shorts. Right as she said "no" I took the rope out from behind me (and had already tied a slipknot into it) and put it around my head and handed her the other end as a leash. She grabbed it and immediately began choking me with it. She also pulled out one of those pom pom leather whip things and started beating my face/body with it. This brought me pleasure. I may have even become nude during this part, but truthfully the thought of clothing never occurred. Each hit to the face (mind you, she was using near full force) felt so fucking amazing and I began to slide back into a more and more relaxed position with each hit, and I think there was a correlation to how leaned back I was and my erection. Now for the strange part: she kept doing it and eventually I was able to control my feet with my fingers, in some kind of musical fashion that corresponded with her lashing my face/body. I would simply do slight keystrokes/bends and my feet/legs would raise up. The raising up itself, and the finger movements (and of course the lashing) all brought me pleasure. This was my favorite part of the dream. She could tell I was into it by the pumping motions of my entire body (even before the feet/fingers) and the no facial expression "omfg yes" in my eyes when I stared at her towards the beginning. Only ever did maybe 4 or 5 keystrokes with my fingers to make my feet/legs bob up, but each one was pure pleasure and actually quite different from the pleasure derived from the choking/lashing. Earlier in the dream idk how she was somehow in charge of my "quiet"-ness, but then it turns out she was just an inmate that the we (guys) occassionally saw during some kind of sessions (fake)... so idk how to explain that. She eventually gets me laying down on a bleacher and is doing something to raise my head over and over and I hear some guy talking about stealing money etc and my wallet is right under my head and I conclude he's going to try to take my wallet while my head is raised and slip it back under after taking my money. Sure enough when I get up he is right underneath the bleacher. I wonder if 'she' is in on it or just neutral (unable to tell on him because would make her a rat). Eventually he does get his hands on his wallet and I follow him to confront him and get it back (though I never really am confident that I will (imo at that point, it's a lost cause)). I follow him towards some porta potty/outhouse that he hides in to put a door between he and I, and he pretty much ignores me talking to him on the other side. I give up and eventually some other chick on a different set of bleachers (us now on some other "half" of the sessino area (though still parrallel to the other bleachers, there was a small wall in between)) says something to me I can't remember what. She asks me if I want to role play and I say sure and idk am just kind of up on her because I like the idea, then she asks me if I'm a puppy or something because that's how I'm acting. So I start making puppy noises to go along with it (making fun of myself) and yea. She eventually brings up the OTHER/first girl and I think asks me if I'm into her. Can't remember my response and I a little bit later hear her conversing with a 3rd girl saying "do you think so and so goes both ways?" (referring to first girl). I planned on asking them if she was a lesbian because it'd be news to me, but never got around to it. Around this time the first girl started flying around in some aerial demonstration of [power?]. She says random things during fly bys over all of us on the bleachers and I think she even draws her name ("timber" I think) into the clouds/contrail/whatever. She makes some rhyme and statement about society that ends with something along the lines of "I can hear you if you stay below me". The rhyme had something to do with her name or fuck idk. After her name etc, she stopped mid-air a bit of a ways away and begins shooting nearly straight up into the air with some sort of single shot rifle. She shoots again somewhat soon after the first shot and is aiming at the first bullet so as to "push" it way the fuck higher (their energies combining). It takes her a few shots and you can hear her get into-it/angry-a-lil and she finally hits the bullet with her second shot and it goes soaring up ridiculously high.

There was some parrallel tangent to that bullet thing where a group of scientists were on some asteroid in space (despite no space suits) and they had a huge ball/rock, maybe 2-3 feet in diameter, and it was covered with mirrors of all sizes (mostly between 1-3 inches) that were in equal width cylinders coming from the rock. The rock was uneven, mostly flat, but it spun as they launched it foward and then some scientist shined a light at it as this was happening. One of them said something like "the light from this can be seen all over the universe" (OT: alien signaling method maybe?), and/or even "in your/my room back on earth". It was interesting but brief (relative to human time (I'm sure tons of light waves were emitted in tons of directions)), the scientists spent most of their time "working on" the rock (before, afterwards).

Back in the prison scene, we were walking in some outdoors snowy area and this part is blurry as fuck. I see "her" and set down what I am carrying (like a ski except more cylindrical) on the path I'm standing near waiting for the others to catch up and I think start walking over to talk to her. Some animal/dog down the path a bit, who is tied to another one yet distanced from it, is eating or perhaps warming up at a campfire (?), and right around this time runs up said path to catch up with the other animal. The dog snags my carrying thing I set down and pulls it forward with him, either on his collar but maybe in his mouth(!). The guy in charge and me and a few others chase the dog to unsnag him, and the guy in charge asked why someone set it down there. I said I planned on picking it back up and that's about all I can remember for this part, except that a little later I was holding something up with half of the group (the one she was in) when the other half of the group comes along behind us and someone says "steven get the door" and I think it was the same guy that took my wallet but maybe not, anyways I turn around and ask if they're talking about me but find out they're not.

Now back at prison itself instead of weird elevated snowy area, there were about 4 of us chillin in some room (bathroom?) and one guy gets into an argument with another and basically the one that insulted the "strongest" guy gets fucking stabbed with a fold out knife right then and there. Right in the gut and it's kind of earie(sp?) to watch, I take a few steps back hoping he doesn't plan on killing witnesses. The room begins to become flooded with others and the stabber marches around the room frantically and I still hope he doesn't kill me. I go behind some stall wall and it wasn't completely closed off (2 stall walls (ankles revealed), 1 brick wall (where toilet was), the opening facing entrance to bathroom but most of the bathroom to the left of me (and 1x stall wall)). People take pisses there as I'm hiding-ISH and I think I even get piss splattered on me but I don't really care too much about it. Am maybe even able to see their dicks as they piss but am hesitant to write about it ;-P (in any case, I wasn't into it). I hear the gossip of the room began to churn and eventually learn that the guy who got stabbed is dead. I found it hard to believe and asked whoever I heard it from and he confirmed that yea 'they' said he was. The guy asked me if I saw it and I said yea and then I started getting hounded with questions wanting me to tell the story and if so and so really did it. Eventually I just said "go ask him yourself" and then they do. They all huddle up for story time around the guy who just stabbed the other, and the stabber hears/sees all this happen (there's like some bench against the wall over to the left against the along wall), including my saying that, and acts sarcastically cheerful as if he is waiting for everyone to quiet down so he can start the story. Fake grin and everything. "Well....", he says with a big fake storytelling smile on his face, then he takes out his knife and starts chasing me for obvious reasons (I slowly moved in to earshot/present, leaning against the opposite wall, and knew I made a mistake before he even came at me, but I wanted to present myself as dumb/ignorant and not aggressive so maybe he'd let it slide (and he kind of does :-/)). I run out some random business type black swinging doors out into some outdoor area and as I'm running I turn around and say to him "it was just a joke....... err no.... not a joke..." (fumbling my words). He picks up for me: "not a joke. an aperture. and this is a cut" and he digs his blade into my right arm/bicep-ish-area. It wasn't THAT deep but definitely bled and hurt a bit and made me hope I wasn't going to get hep/aids from it. I said "fair enough" and "better than getting killed" and maybe even thanked him (my primary concern was death)! Around this time the females are coming to mix with males as usual and I was at first kind of excited to have limited info so I could brag/gossip to her about it (I really felt an attraction here. She was [a] beautiful [brunnette type]). She came in and saw my arm and she knew what it meant, that I had offended/slighted someone and that was my warning/punishment. She made a face of worry I guess, but it's hard to remember what came next. A little later I was in maye that same bathroom and now was much more silent about everything in general and some guy walked over to my right and behind me a little (I was leaning against some stall wall) and I tried to keep him in the corner of my eye but he either came at me or pretended to come at me and either he or my imagination said something along the lines of "you wouldn't have seen me/him coming" or perhaps "gotta watch everywhere", idfk.