0) Teeworlds (weird server) gma backyard weird level girls robyn/gary's friends
1) Black finger (thumb?) jerk off, lucid gondola tanner


0) Night before last: In the backyard of my grandma tobey's house was a teeworlds level that was weird. The "drops" (drop tees, catch them through a corner) were really high and somehow even if you missed, you could/did still hook them (later?). Idk hard to explain. In the center of the 3d map was weird giant scenery items that slightly resembled those walkers on halo2+. They did not affect the teeworlds gameplay. I think I was playing the game with these people being described, but maybe this was a different [part of the] dream. Anyways some little kids, I think mostly (maybe all) girls, were in my grandma's kitchen and I was talking to them asking why they were there, but trying to ask it in a non-rude way. I guessed if they were friends of gma/gpa etc and when I eventually asked if they were friends of robyn/gary, they said yes. I eventually realized that the teeworlds server was not what I thought it was (like not DDNet or maybe not US&A: true story that happened hours before going to sleep before this dream is that I was in a canadian server for a few hours (and like ~10 other regulars joined me) until someone said "why are we not in USA server?" and I checked and lul'd that we weren't. I had followed someone [from Venezuala] into that server so idfk. The word in the server name that was out of place was non-english, maybe russian)


2) Driving in a car and in the back seat where I think my mom is driving. Two black girls back there with me, at least one of them has pretty fucked up looking teeth (but I don't mind). They or one of them jack off my finger (thumb or index) and I like it. There was so much more to this dream and so many more small dreams surrounding and padding in between these dreams, but these are the only two parts I remember. Here's the other part I remember: on a gondola (which I had only thought of as a chairlift until now writing it) with my cuz Tanner D and I fear for my life that the shit will break and we will fall to our death. We kiss the top of a green hill with the bottom of our gondola car, somehow I become lucid from that (the unrealisticness of it perhaps?) and I am pretty relaxed and don't do much at all. I keep talking out loud to myself "stay calm", and I even said something along the lines of "be calm like kung fu japanese people" (but I later (maybe after waking up) remember that kung fu is chinese lol). I don't do anything with the lucidity except try to make it last. I don't do anything with Tanner and he sort of droops his head more and more as the duration of lucidity continues. The chairlift begins to wobble back and forth and even upside down, but it doesn't phase me [much] because I know it's just a dream. We start to plummet to the ground and again I try my best to not let the butterflies bother me. Tanner's head is drooped 90 degrees forward and his eyes completely closed as we "hit the ground" (aka, I wake up).