dream: girl part and err roller coaster thing

Had 2 or 1 dreams, unsure which, where during one part of it I was an orb type thing or perhaps still human idfk was blury as shit and I was like going through a ride type thing. Not a roller coaster that was just a context reminder... but like falling upward and downward and sideways. I was a glowy orb so not exactly like a tee from teeworlds, but part of the "ride" reminded me a great deal of teeworlds "BLOCKER" maps. The shaded segments where you must rely on peers to pull you through using their grapple. There were a few parts of that. I remember towards the end going somewhat fast though it (I had watched another person on teeworlds do the same thing on a BLOCKER map about a week ago) and at the end it spitting me out in some park, I think Freestone Park. I remember getting a goody bag of candy and shit and thinking/saying (to who? the ticket person?) "wow this is a lot of candy/shit for 25 cents". It really was and I bet the amount I got would cost roughly $5 today. But I guess since I "won" or something then I beat out the other orbs and took their prize so it all makes sense? In my waking state I do kind of see this as being an analogy for the free market/capitalism. You put in a little and depend on your peers some and you get a lot out (but your peers get fucked).

Another part which I think took place after was still in some like park of some sort, but maybe an amusement park now. There was a girl and I was talking to her and I think she hit on me so I of course being the beta male then hit on her back (pussy). I remember seeing her tits and her being like halfway in a restroom or something and me asking/wanting to take a picture of her and then me getting my shitty ass Google Motorola Droid phone out and trying to take a picture of her but the fucking Camera app was seriously taking full fucking MINUTES to load (which reflects exactly how it performs in actual waking usage). I don't even know if I got a yes from her, she sounded kind of hesitant or perhaps unanswering... but I mean should couldn't have known that the camera app was failing to load and she still got nekkid etc so maybe it was implied that I had permission. She also showed me her pussy at one point by pulling her panties to the side and I sure wished the camera was working :-P. So a few seconds later (a blur later), we were walking outward and I was sort of hanging on her or at least had my arm around her or something, being the clingy beta male pussy that I am, and she saids something along the lines of "get off" or "go find your own girl" or fuck I really don't know what. Right at that moment we were walking into a fork in the road because there was a building and she said it as we were inches from the corner that formed the fork. Instantly I broke off her and she went right and I went left. I reacted to my environment again like the fucking beta pussy that I am. I somehow ended up going backwards to an area with like a bench or something and I think was the exit point for the first part of the dream and like put on a backpack and some headphones. I think I remember a scene now about my backpack straps not being tight enough and my headphones cable getting caught and pulled out or something with the straps being fucked and some other guy randomly helping me tighten them to optimal tightness. So I walked out of the amusement park now with my headphones on and I remembered seeing out of the corner of my eye the same girl on my right and I just "DIDN'T GIVE A FUCK" (pussy beta male style) and kept looking down at the floor and walked by her with no formal acknowledgement. This is a tactic I really do in my waking life, because I am a pussy. THAT'LL SHOW HER, HURRRRR. Man I'm such a pussy.

So analyzing the second one while awake and really extrapolating/abstracting the fuck out of it I mostly determine from it that I am constantly reacting to my environment and not nearly enough doing things because I choose to do them. We have layers and layers of programming that make us only ever able to react to our environment. It is because we feel a part of our environment and because we are in fact dependent on it. I tend to approach this problem with the following question: "what does a consciousness in a void want?". As in, what would I want to do. I've never thought of a single thing because shit that sounds so boring....... and yet I feel that I in my actual real environment am unable to do anything BUT react to the environment. I am chaos reacting to reactions that can also cause other reactions to other people (reactions). It's all or nothing. I either know what to do, or what I want to do, based on my environment (therefore reactions), or I have no clue what to do as there is nothing to do! It is difficult but I am attempting to get my consciousness to act and make decisions independently and without being merely a reaction to, my environment.

I think "launch" might be pure-ish in that regard. What does a conscious do in a void? It (had:he) dives into knowledge indefinitely and swims in logic and understanding and wilfully deludes himself into believing that things have meaning (the underlying acceptance of the delusion is key and must come first) and so creates meaning and information and art...... indefinitely..... until he becomes bored of being alive for so long and then resets himself.

Semi-OT: My only regret is that I did not do everything previously to get to this point... faster. The first 20 or so years of life (coming immediately after the reset (because we don't have to experience everything in between, beit trillions of years etc)) are the most painful ever time (and shit, not even all instances (non-steven-instances (though sure other branches of steven also don't)) even reach the tranquil and calming understanding of life and existence that I can finally say I have) that I keep having to experience. Still, it's easy for me to see that it's a small price to pay when everything becomes dull from living indefinitely to make everything interesting again. It just doesn't seem a small price to pay as you are going through it because relatively, it is all you know at that point. Growing up sucked, but I would gladly do it again if after 9999999999999999999999999999999 years alive I am bored of out my freaking mind and want shit to be interesting again.

More Semi-OT: I stumbled upon a wikipedia article called something "Quantum suicide"... and I was pleased to see that other human brains have come up with teh same theories as me! They even did so before I was born hahahaha! Still, to discover it myself makes me want to pat myself on the back and suck my own dick (also serves as a counter argument to copyright/patents -- we all tend to follow the same trail of logic). I do disagree with the counter argument in the wikipedia (unless I misunderstood it) stating that real life events are not represented in binary. YES THEY ARE MOTHERFUCKER L2 COMPUTAS.