0) Backstop, fall save old people, turtle poop
1) Island tree rope scared cylinder
2) Daniel bottom, repeat, first person lie... almost lucid
3) Irvin 480mbps

0-2 were night before last, 3 last night


0) I was climbing up a metal baseball field backstop, or was already at/towards the top. I was somehow standing IN the backstop (toward the very top), with maybe only the top bar of it going along my shoulders. It rocked back and forth and it was kinda scary and I thought it might fall. As it/I leaned "backwards", the backstop was more or less "loose". But as we passed the vertical threshold and then started leaning forward a bit, it became "crunched" and "tight". The physics of it somehow made sense, but are hard to describe: when convex, it was loose; when concave, it was tight. Maybe I have that backwards (and they're both relative anyways). I could feel the metallic crunch though my body as well. The entire backstop almost seemed more stable when crunched like that, but also seemed more frigged as well (there was no winning). The fear of being the highest one on the backstop made me alternate between the two positions. I eventually jumped down and recall David Bicket whining in his signature way (you just have to have known him), sort of a scratchy screetchy yell of disapproval. The backstop seemed like it was going to fall multiple times, but didn't. It eventually did, and by then I was on the ground and ran over to save an old couple who were under it and not paying attention. The backstop broke/bent (joint) in half near where I held my hands up to stop it from crushing those old people.

There was then a swing hanging down from the backstop that I sat in for a little. A few turtles crawled out of the ground around the backstop and started flinging poop at me as I sat there. The poop was warm and wet (and because it was wet, also cold). Some of it hit my neck/collar-bone and slid down my chest.

To me the turtles represented "elder peers" that disapproved of my pushing the limits of existence. Being at the top of the backstop was the momentary "bliss" that was even sort of an uncomfortable crunch, and invoked fear. I need to be prepared for that fear if I ever do have the balls to pursue the bliss (I'm starting to bitch out, fuck).


1) 0-2 were semi the same dream, albeit with blurry/dark/INSTANT transititons from one to the next. The scene seemed tropical island-y. I went across a small body of water to an island with trees on it; I wanted to be alone. OT'ish: it makes me laugh when I think about this fact: I am not alone enough. Considering I am alone so very often and rarely socialize etc etc, the truth that I want to be alone MORE makes me lol. I am like a plate of mixed foods. I want alone time to be absolute, and solializing likewise.... but my halves mix on the plate and I have neither one nor the other. /OT. I climbed a tall tree and recall ropes and such being my safety line. Not trusting them to hold and fearing dropping to my death. I clang (sup llvm) to the tree after realizing how dangerous the ropes were and slowly climbed down, feeling my way down instead of looking (eyes closed or just face full of trunk? not sure). I felt two cylindrical notches on either side of the tree that felt man made, and I used them to lower myself. I lowered myself maybe 2-5ft of the 30-50ft that I recalled being in the air (couldn't see, remember?) before finding the ground with my feet.

What I took from this one is that "if you look for the safe route through life, existence will provide". While writing that sentence, it appears to demonstrate that I see that as a bad thing (I usually say "PUSH THE LIMITS" etc and "FUCK COMFORT", etc). However, the truth is that I woke up in a very discomforting mood and doubting my risk taking and wondering if perhaps I should take the safer route after all. All 3 of these parts of the dream put me in a weird mood all of yesterday.


2) Old baseball pal Daniel and his older brother (who's name slips me). One of them (I think the older brother, but it could have been Daniel) asked me "Are you a bottom?". I giggled trying to play it cool and asked him "didn't you just ask that to [brother]?". In fact he did ask it and I witnessed it some time much earlier in the dream, perhaps even before (0). I also did my best to lie and say "no". Time seemed to catch up the present (was tempted to write: "slow down") and I felt very in the first person as I told that lie. I wondered if they/he caught onto it. The fact that it was asked twice also made me start to realize that it was a dream, but the dream ended before I could become completely lucid/etc.

I felt shameful to admit that I've bottom'd before. Even while writing this I wouldn't say I'm strictly a bottom. I'm a "let's flip a coin" kind of guy. But still it bothered me (before I woke up?) that I was ashamed enough to lie about it. I need to be able to answer such questions directly and honestly ('flip a coin' a valid response imo), without giving two shits, if I ever want to be launched/public/etc. This third part of the dream mostly just emphasized to me how much of a shameful pussy I am.


I wish I could just decide to be a pussy. I'm a pussy who wishes he was courageous. I could have ample fun being all encrypted and private and whatnot... but this living as one and wanting to be another is utter shit. I wish I was a complete asshole with no regard to my family/friends. I wish I could be fearless and live life selfishly. I wish I could figure out which polar extreme my future consists of.