0) Cuba ww3
1) Teeworlds pb & wood glue


0) The dream is pretty blurry except the 3 memorable parts. I think I landed in cuba on vacation and was standing in a parking lot watching the events unfold, but I may have been there for a while and shit I may have taken a boat (or ???). How I got there and why is forgotten/irrlevant. I had a good view of a runway from where I was standing, and there were international conflicts unfolding right before my eyes. There was one warning instance and one "ok you fucked up" instance. I heard or somehow knew someone (a US&A rep I'm thinking) say/threaten the flyer of some jet (or perhaps his country of origin (cuba?)) something along the lines of "don't take off" or maybe even "don't take/steal that jet", honestly I forget what/why. The jet had some red on it. A red cube on it's back or maybe that was part of the pattern of the colors. Looked like a normal [fast/small] jet otherwise. So it took off the runway and nothing happened. Later, it happened again (same or different jet? idfk) and this time events started unfolding. I saw a missile shoot out of the ground over 90 degrees to my right (I'm looking straight forward at the runway) and it went up a bit, doubled back down and then slammed the fuck down (memorable instant. was loud) into what looked like a 747/etc (passenger plane) that was parked and probably either loading/unloading. Big fireball etc. Somehow I knew it to be related to that other smaller jet taking off a few seconds earlier, and maybe that one got it's own missile to the face out of my sight. Mere seconds later (2-3) a bomb exploded in a medium sized sky scraper that was 180 degrees the direction of the passenger plane (so now 90 degrees left to original view). I'm not sure if it was from the same people that shot the missile, or if that was a reaction to the reaction. I _THINK_ the first jet was "jacked" by cubans, the missile was shot by US&A people (idfk why they shot it at a passenger plane), and the building bomb was by cubans. I felt in danger but at the same time safe: I was in a parking lot with no notable structures worth blowing up. I wondered if WW3 was starting, the main cause of my fear. I wondered if a nuke was imminent. I wondered what it'd be like: flash in the sky and then black screen. I hoped we'd learned our lesson from hiroshima.


1) Playing tw on some long tunnel level and we get to a part where we need to go in and we need to have lasers to proceed. I tell my teammate I don't have a laser so we start going backwards to get the laser. There were "shields" everywhere (which take your guns away from you), so I must have hit one and didn't know I needed the laser yet. I go back a few feet from the "door" to that room where laser is needed and there was a wood glue bottle. I put it on my peanut butter sandwich and then told my teammate I fucked up and we needed to restart. I thought the wood glue was honey :(.