0) Dog
1) Shoot farmer guy during gunfight with family, dog bite
2) Heather
3) Golf debugging/gator sex
4) Obama, airport run


0) There was a light blue and really fluffy dog I was hanging out with for the duration of the dream. There was a bit of white in his fur too, but not much. The white parts were maybe even sparkly. It was cotton candy blue. He walked around with me fuckin idk where tbh, just bleh around but I think I remember a sort of vague place that I seem to recall from previous dreams, "the university-ish building at the top of a small hill with sidewalks winding up it where alcoholic drinks are served, in/near vegas" (I guess there's some metaphorical shit there and that's probably why it keeps recurring (I think. maybe the fact that it is recurring was imagined)). Uhh yea the duration of the dream didn't take place there, was just one of the stops. Soo uhh yea I think the dog represented life itself, especially considering the remainder of the dream. I was at my old house in cali and at the top of the hill next to our basketball court (there's a long stretch of hill there). At the top of that stretch of hill was a kid, our neighbor (didn't exist irl), who was sitting in a foldout sunbathing chair/bench with an umbrella on top. He was sitting+waiting+hunting. He was bored and also wanted to impress some girl (she may have been nearby, but was at least god-knowledge-known). He saw the dog walking down near the bottom of that stretch of hill and took a shot at it. I saw the events unfold from maybe 100-200 ft from the dog. So little time that I didn't even yell anything to stop try to stop it, I knew it'd be a waste of effort. Fortunely the kid missed, and then I did yell (not angry, but assertive. convincingly. "hey, that's not a very bright idea mister" (not those words, but that tone)) to him to not shoot the dog, I think the words were "hey don't shoot the dog" lol, but I forget. I met up with the kid and started talking to him, explaining the reasons not to kill it. As I stood and talked to the kid I saw the dog peaking out from behind bushes here and there... letting himself be seen by me since he trusts me (but practically directly behind the kid at this point). Once I explained it to him and he seemed to understand, I pointed out the dog's location in the bushes and yea we just looked at him for a bit (idk). But the really.... main.... part of the dream... that I was focusing on subconciously and analyzing later after the dream ended.... was that first shot. It was impossible to stop. It's.... inevitable(sp?)?. Aside from the sp I still don't know if that's the right word. But eh well basically I'm saying that life is extremely fragile and often is destroyed during it's early days (not that it matters <3 infinite universes xD (but eh it still KINDA does (because I choose to say it does))).


1) This one seemed like a distant continuation of the above dream. Very distant, practically a different dream idfk. Me and a group were in a gunfight between a farm family, idfk why or who shot first. At one point I peaked around a barn and took a shot at some guy (the dad?) standing over there. It seemed like a cheapshot, but wtf there are no rules in [love and] war. I retreated ish a bit because I knew I was pretty damn close, and whether or not that shot hit, there'd be people closing in on my location soon. A dog ran up to me and bit my arm, I think I punched it off and possibly even shot it (blurry). Is this the opposite of (0) with me now doing the [justified-in-my-view] shooting?


2) I just showed up at my old neighbor Heather's apt and knocked on her door, I knew she wouldn't turn me away (humans an order of magnitude more pussy when confronted in person vs remotely). I went in and she showed me that they'd since added stairs to get up to a/the second floor (I guess they bought that and the apt above it?). I was surprised by what they'd done since I had last been there. So eh we went upstairs and fucked. I don't remember any juicy details. Mike caught us and chased me around outside and I doubled back into an ally-esq behind their apt and maybe scaled a wall he couldn't. I forget. Nothing happened.


3) This and (4) were last night, the others were some nights before (mixed). There was something I was debugging, I don't even know what. A device or a system, idk. I saw my dad and his friend he was golfing with towards the end of their 18 hole game. I took over something for them, maybe that device being debugged? Maybe the game itself. I somehow concluded that if I could finish the game with (or without) seeing the bug, that I could obscurely deduce hopefully where the bug was coming from to begin with. Idfk. I remember thinking something along the lines of "debugging is a black art". That wasn't the phrase, and it certainly isn't a black art. What I mean to say is that it's fukken crazy "deep" in your brain and shit. I can't "debug out loud", my fucking words can't keep up with the pace that my thoughts need to proceed at when debugging.


4) Was meeting Justin and Obama at some kind of auditorium thing (those half circle kinds). There was an alarm and/or attendance sheet beeping, and right as I said "well I'll just mark Obama as here so this alarm will stop going off. He isn't gonna show..." to Justin, Obama announced his presence. He was sitting a few seats/steps behind us. The mood of the meeting changed, it was now "whoah the president!?". We both went and sat next to him. I think the purpose of the meeting was to try to solve the world's problems, but idk that's an educated guess (he does have the power, after all). We started talking but maybe 1-3 sentences in Obama changed his tone and volume level. He was now addressing everyone generally. His presence attracted a growing crowd and I wasn't sure whether I accidentally leaked the meeting of if they followed him or what. He stood up and left. It was implied that we'd have a meeting again somewhere else. I got up and left too and now had to catch a plane (wtf?). I and many others were running through hallways to our planes. The paths we ran along also went outside at times and curved 90 degrees left right left right randomly. We were also maybe 20+ ft in the air and there were no railings (could probably live if you fell off, but could also die). The path itself was 5-10 ft wide (wasn't too worried about falling off, but eh maybe a big gust of wind could do it (but with that many people, someone [else] is bound to fall off heh)). There were also occassional staircases maybe 5-10 stairs high (during the outside parts too). I jumped off one of them (I guess jumping was necessary since we were all running?), but my legs locked at the top of the staircase and I flew/fell horizontally and landed at the bottom of the staircase. I think I hit my right cheek on the metal/semi-bumpy-with-those-line-triangle-things-for-grip ground. While mid-air I wondered if this was it. Eh the hit didn't hurt so bad. A few people queried my health and I got up and was fine, I think I kept running but don't remember anything after that part.