Dreams:
0) Pinoccio
1) Politician's sniper (nude street musician). Fishing hook death


0) From a few nights back, I think the night before last: A series of snippets that have mostly diconnected and become even blurier. Backyard of Tobey's house (except the front of some other house), saw a souped up golf cart that was Gerards parked in the driveway under a roof, was parked kinda messy and perhaps the parking job even wrecked it. The golf cart had no top half, no fo roll cage or sun roof or even the bars that usually hold up a roof. I wanted to get in the house because it was my house but it was locked. So I walked around the side to the back, except this back is what is really what they have as a front. I think right around here there was something to do with my parents in some bedroom sleeping and me not wanting to wake them up: perhaps I was just hesitant to ring the doorbell or perhaps while going through the side yard I was being especially quiet. Later we all were taking the pinnochio whale ride as a bus to somewhere else further away, perhaps disneyland itself. The boat/car sat 3, and it seemed odd that my dad and I think his brother (which) sat in the front two seats and I sat in the back one (usually the bigger people take the back). The very beginning of the ride was a steep drop, like the log ride.


1) Last night: Some politician lady who resembled hillary clinton, except maybe younger, hired me or selected me or something along those lines, to kill someone. It would have been our first time doing business together ("would have been" because the dream never got to that part), so she was sort of screening me still. We stopped on some relatively busy sidewalk in front of a store's window and knelt/sat and talked about the contract. I also checked out my weapon which was a silenced sniper rifle in I think maybe an instrument case or maybe a ski case (can't remember). I assembled the gun etc and blah idk we talked and at some point she told me that the target was some street performer just down the way, I asked why and she said (something along the lines of) because he is in the nude or some such. I unfortunaely never got to see him perform in the dream :(, but I am pretty damn sure and maybe even thought during the dream that that target metaphorically represented me. As we were sitting there I began to consider whether or not I'd go through with it. I plotted my KILL-HER-INSTEAD plan, but was pretty damn sure she was just a node in a distributed resillient [corrupt] system... so my killing her would hardly do anything and would likely get me flagged as fuck since the other nodes are likely to know that she was doing business with me (this is how it really is). As some sidewalk patrons passed by, I began to panic a little and started disassembling the gun and putting it back into the case. Weirdly, there was another longer piece that attached to the end of the [also weirdly long] silencer. With only the silencer attached, the weapon was like a long (though still semi-auto) assault rifle. With the other piece attached it was a regular/long sniper rifle length. I only took the longer non-silencer piece off and put it back in the case, and this part I do remember: the piece transformed into two skis and they just wouldn't fit back in the case! Also, I planned to and even did the beginning stages (dream didn't go much further) keep the main parts of the gun, including the silencer, with me and not in the case. I think I planned on putting them in/under a jacket/sweatshirt. Maybe I just wanted to do the job fast (we were about to walk over and look at the guy (dream never got there)), but I also knew keeping it with me like that meant I could kill HER at a moments notice as well. I think ultimately I was going to just go with the flow :(. If I felt I HAD to kill the guy, I'd kill him. But if I saw an opportunity to kill that bitch politician, I'd take it.

Huge gap in the dream here and now I'm in a 4-way fight between others my age, one of which was a girl (different girl, idfk who). We were in a desert-like location that weirdly resembled the front yard of my cali house, the way the hill slants down to the place where the car crash was. We all got randomized weapons (dat battle royale (fuck your hunger games)), but for some reason I didn't start off with any: mine were located somewhere in some like box thing or something and I had to go retrieve them. I don't even remember what my weapon was, but it might have been a grappling hook and there might have even been another component that completely slips my mind. So anyways I'm walking around on a desert area (or (also?) my cali's circular driveway) and a girl with a fishing rod weapon (again, maybe another weapon once she 'reels me in') is fucking with me, lightly attacking (since we had just started it wasn't intense yet). She has one of those hooks with 4 hooks on it and is throwing it at me/my-face. I catch it by the string and then she yanks back and I release my grip just in time to escape the 4 hooks. This happens a few times and I eventually change my strategy into simply blocking it with an open palm as it is coming towards me. This happens and I realize that there's two other opponents on the loose and I don't know they're location, which freaks me the fuck out as they could easily sneak up behind me as I'm dealing with the fishing rod girl. I even made note of that strategy and considered using it against the other two (never got to though). Oh right I think my other weapon aside from grappling hook was a fucking bowie knife. I ran over towards the box with my goods in it and fantacized driving that bowie knife straight down into the top of that bitches head: here one moment, dead the next. Swift, clean, no pain. I got over to the box and out of that girl's sight and over there was a bystander girl who talked to me as I got my stuff out of the box. The box was down near over where the car crash was. She said something along the lines of "last time you were here you took a bunch of drugs and I convinced you commit suicide", and I think she even added something along the lines of "but I won't do that to you this time". There was a cliff a few feet away (this isn't at my cali house) and I somehow knew that the way I committed suicide those other times was jumping off that cliff. I didn't stick around to even talk to that girl any longer, didn't trust her and wanted to get away. I climbed some boulder nearby to scout the area. The dream gets really blurry and fast paced right about here, something about someone shouting out my position and then maybe the other two closing in on me and me freaking out just from being so high on that boulder, thinking how I could die just from falling. Dream ends as I'm looking over the edge of the boulder in a panicked state. Woke up uneasy from both parts of the dream. The latter more initially, but as I'm writing this the former is more eerie (because it is more realistic).