0) Snowboard Melissa Holly/Aerial(?)
1) Mollusk vibrate
2) Guy at company (Michael J. Fox?), plays own part (finale planned that he 'walks out with arms out' (gus-like), cliche/cheesy, from a movie?), entire city (NY?) eventually follows. painting arms background danger, priest muscle, 4 eyed cow, wake to silent violent sobbing with the thought "we all must play our part"


0) Melissa was sitting next to a kicker/medium-sized-jump (big in most people's opinion) and her snowboard wad detached and beneath the jump about 20 feet. I slid on my skater shoes down the hill and went off the jump with just my shoes. I was going to go and put on her snowboard and use it (even though I didn't have proper boots on, fuckit). I distinctly remember being in the air for quite some time, and the landing had me worried. I was afraid my feet would slide out from under me and I'd smack my face into the snow. Before or around (maybe after) the time I went off the jump, I saw either Aerial or Holly snowboard passed us. I want to say Holly since I know she snowboards, but maybe Aeriel since that is actually Melissa's friend.


1) Some mostly shelled creature I think we were all underwater but idk. It's shell when touched felt calm and still, but when I touched it's body itself, it felt like it was vibrating extremely fast (very small vibrations). Mollusk is my best guess, but other descriptive words are: lobster-ish (no arms), white/dark-dirty-white. I'm not even sure a mollusk is even a thing lol.


2) I was a guy at a company, perhaps Michael J. Fox, and I was the oddball. None of the other employee really liked me for some reason. They disliked me so much that they were putting on a company-wide play/skit/show just to make fun of me (I, or rather my character, being the main character of the play). I decide to join the play and to try to play myself in the show. Some people are against my joining, but some 'old wise man' (just like an elder of the group) says it's ok. I guess my plan was to allow the making fun of me entirely, to go along with the play exactly as it is written, but for the finale and/or right after the play is done (and the final joke is made towards me), I walk out with my arms out kind of like Gus Fring did towards that sniper. As if to say "here i am. this is who you are making fun of" or something. It seemed kinda cheesy and I kept thinking it really did happen in a movie (but as I'm now awake, I don't think so anymore) and that I was kinda ripping it off.

Somehow there was an element of danger in the air and most everyone knew it. We all worried about my getting shot/attacked while on stage performing, something about my playing myself being against the rules perhaps (but maybe just because -- or some other unknown reason not related to the play). As I was on stage and talking to someone next to me, there was a painting in the background with two arm holes (perhaps a face hole as well but unsure) where different employees (the ones without lead roles) would change up whose arms/face-maybe were in there. I recall seeing (god knowledge/perspective) a man with his arms through that painting in fear: he thought maybe a stray bullet (or even a piercing bullet coming out the other side [of me]) would catch him. I was the one mostly in danger, but anyone around me had a fear of crossfire.

The play seemed to evolve, or at least the cast did. It was a satire of the city we were in (NY I think), and I remember seeing a mob boss who joined in the play and decided to play himself as well. Eventually it became a domino effect and everyone in the city was required to play themselves. There were multiple incidents of forcible part playing, but towards the very end of the dream I saw a priest guy (resembled the one that Ms. Schroder talks/confesses/bribes to in Boardwalk Empire) being the muscle himself (to some other character who was hesitant). This is when the thought came to my mind "we must all play our part", and the thought stayed with me for the next few bits (sentences, minutes, whatever). I now envisioned/dreamt a cow with 4 eyes. The two regular eyes were wide-eyed and looked like they were in a state of panic/fear, shifting rapidly in lots of mostly-forward (by comparison) directions. The two additional eyes were a little bit smaller than the regular two, and on the outside of the regular two eyes (the bottoms of all 4 eyeballs were aligned, but obviously the tops weren't since size mismatch). This additional set of eyes had a different emotion coming from it. It was analyzing deeply it's environment. Much slower and more precise movements. It looked straight up, straight left, straight right, straight down (and of course lots of variations in between the 4). I don't remember those eyes looking very forward, but also I wouldn't have been surprised at all if they did. The regular pair of eyes looked like they knew what they saw (and feared it), and the additional pair of eyes looked like they were trying to find something [relevant? (I'm not asking whether or not the word something is relevant, but rather thinking maybe they cow is trying to see something relevant, but maybe just anything at all)] to see. I woke up silently violently sobbing with the thought "we all must play our part" still in my head (my sister came over about an hour or two earlier and I didn't know if she was still there or not, which is why I held in the crying). There were no tears, it was just like suffocating panting type crying.