Had a dream night before last where I was on a commercial airplane and I think we landed on the north 202 and had to taxi down to ASU East/Williamsfield airport. We were traveling along the freeway or something when the plane toppled somehow (as if it had no wing) and I remember leaning/falling 20ft onto the side and onto the window that I was looking out of. I was scared of death, but the impact only shattered the window on the asphalt below and didn't do any severe damage to me. Later after getting out of the plane I remember finding my parents and feeling the happiest I've ever felt to see them. I was glad they were still alive, since they were on the plane as well (presumably sitting somewhere else).


Last night: There was a huge war going on with two ceasars, one an old man and one a young one. The young one was sent out on "the"/"a" quest, the main mission of the war if you will, while the older one stayed back and held 'the castle'/base/whatever. Sort of like the two generals problem, except involving trust instead of mere locations of troops. The younger caesar's right hand man was not trusted when delivering a message back to base, and similar distrusts in a random fashion as maybe 20 groups of troops were scattered along the battlefield. I was the young caesar at one point, but also the messenger at another. I kept changing perspectives and got to see a lot more of the confusion than any one person could have been able to (else there wouldn't have been confusion in the first place). The dream involved small-ish boats on a river at one point but I can't remember much else aside from that.

The dream transformed at one point, or maybe this is just a different dream altogether (idk but felt same), we were high up in the mountains and waiting in line to use an old/ancient/no-longer-active ski slope (incl. ski lift to get back up). The dream took place in the future, and the no longer active ski slope/technology was just a tad bit in the future of 'now' (as I'm writing), though still in the past relative to when the dream took place. We had some kind of AI with us that analyzed the not-turned-on ski slope/lift and said that the problem could be worked around by him: he could operate the controls manually and since he was true AI, the problem itself was/became extremely simple. I pondered on the idea of there being something wrong with the ski lift aside from it's software being inoperable: perhaps a not-documented safety hazard (especially since it was so old).