had a dream that i think was my subconscious merely testing me
testing my fear and response, panic etc


set-up:
there was a long'ish modular house and it was linear and had 5 'nodes'. the 5th node was open and our cat cocoa escaped/ran away through it
i went around looking and somehow ended up a few blocks away at a house/building that was relatively small and only had one door. i was sitting in a chair using a computer and my back was two the door

i used a google maps type clone that had CAT GPS (made up those words just now). it might have been an alternate to google maps (freeeeee) but i dunno. you get the idea though, i was able to locate cocoa on it

the moment i saw her/his blip on the map, a moment later i saw "orange/black" in the bottom left hand corner of my eye
suddenly a tiger.

fear swelled into me and i did not panick, per se
i froze relatively, but not entirely. i guess panick took me over a fair amount.

i walked like a frigid robot over to the door, which was one of those auto-closing ones. the tiger was in between me and the door and was just you know... tiger'ing... scaring the fuck out of everyone

i reached over the tiger and opened the door. i was scared shitless (and of course unaware that i was dreaming)... but knew that my only chance for survival was to open that door

even though the door was like 5 feet away from me (holy shit tigers are much bigger in person!!! (i'm not sure i'm brave enough to go into the jungle anymore :-/)), my arm managed to open it and defy logic/physics :-P. the tiger... made a move towards me.... not sure if it was a growl or a swipe or just like a self defense swipe, but i let go of the door and it shut by itself.


oh and sometime/during/at-the-same-time i made a weak/pussy "RAAAAWWWRR" to try to scare the tiger out the door as it was open


anyways, the door is closed now and my mom came up to the left of me and made the same attempt [to open the door]. she did and i RAWWWWR'd again and the tiger left.


i woke up instantly and in a delerious/disassociated state. i didn't know where i was, but i did somehow know i was 'at home in bed'. i did a complete analysis of my situation as a whole. almost as if my life flashed before me: 'am i in immediate danger?'. i did the same 'scan' upon seeing the orange/black and the function returned instantly with a certain YES. the function took a while to run (was a blocking function too!) when i woke up in my bed. slowly reality poured back in and i knew what was going on. i also knew i'd be writing this, and i also knew i'd be writing that saying i was writing it. i pretty much planned the entire document while laying there lmfao... but i probably forgot/missed some parts.


i don't know what it means but like i said i feel as if it was my subconscious TESTing me. please test me more. i should not have been so frigid/robotic. it is interesting to note that i genuinely belive that such TESTing/training is actual helpful. what appears real, is real. at least as far as fear/panick testing/training is concerned. i'm glad i didn't FREAK OUT AND START SCREAMING/RUNNING etc... but wish i would have had more of a grip on myself. it could have been worse but there is room for improvement. please keep fucking with me, subconscious. but also during other times i would like to directly communicate with you (i think this might be what i do when tripping balls, i have no clue). a lucid dream where my subconscious and conscious communicate directly (would they assume bipeds or??????) would be fun/interesting/helpful. obviously all i can do is make a request to my subconscious for it to happen... but i mean i know he's listening :-P hahaha man this reality thing is fuckin crazy/fun/confusing/interesting/words-cannot-describe