1) Titanic-esq
2) Motorcycle (beach, "data", pushing, butt)


1) Was on a giant boat that was sinking. It reminded me of previous dreams in a way I can't put into words. The inside of a ship was a familiar environment. It reminded me of being inside a hotel that had catwalks connecting from one hotel to the next (all indoors, MASSIVE air space in the middle). So anyways I was standing on one of those catwalks and I could see the water rising from below (scary sight) pretty damn fast. At/around/before this event, I remember getting a raft/tube/ANYTHING-THAT-FLOATED (can't be too choosy in that situation) and ended up getting one of those "full body laying" pool floats. Fuck it, I wasn't complaining. The order of events aren't making much sense, but I remember on my way towards being about to jump off the ship and into the water with my raft, a black guy wanted to share it with me. I wanted to just eh relax and chill like the raft is meant to be used, but with him we'd both be able to get our torsos on it using it sideways/together. I didn't really argue with him over it because I mean it was life/death scenario, but I remembered being a bit displeased by it. Less comfortable as I wait to be rescued rofl. I think my subconscience is racist. Or maybe he/it is black (lolwut?). So back inside the ship and the raft scene was over and/or irrelevant (timing makes no sense), I was going through a crowded hallway and there was an opening in between the massive air shit in the middle and the "outside sidewalks" you find on cruise ships. In that opening was a piano and a female black child was playing it. The crowd was being kept back/away from her so that she had more more than enough room, in say 5 feet every direction, away from the crowd. Her family (or friends idfk) were holding back the crowd for her as she played. I remembered the music being pleasant but I couldn't make any sense out of the event as a whole. Did the people all standing there not know that the ship was flooding? Did they not see what I saw just moments before (the water raising INSIDE the ship)? I sort of pushed through the crowd and crossed the gap her family/friends had been so carefully trying to preserve, and I remembered making eye contact with the little girl as she played. I, without using words, said: "yea good music but uhh you should speed it up / finish quickly plz" (I have no idea if she knew of the flood either). I didn't wait for her to finish etc I just pushed out onto the side of the ship and left/jumped/whatever. I remember the scene being on the raft (the black guy mentioned earlier wasn't in this part of the dream (it seemed like I had the dream twice idk)) after the ship sank being long/elaborate. Like a whole group of us floated down a river and random shit happened. Waterfalls too(???). I forget most of it and I think I'd be able to recall more if I wrote it directly after waking up instead of now (been about 12 hours).


2) My parents invited me to go to the beach with them and as we were maybe halfway there (it was Riverside->CaliBeach distance, wtf?), I turned around to pick up my mom at their Gilbert house (suddenly on the freeway in phx/gilbert idfk). I remembered thinking "bah, I left my data at my [mesa apartment, where I lived in the dream] house insecure/easily-hackable/etc YET AGAIN". I was also on my R1, and idfk how I was "with" my dad earlier (before turning around to get my mom). As I approached the exit to get to my parents' house, I saw a sedan with like 3-4 black guys in it in front of me. I leaned to the right to see if I could pass on the right, but that lane was disappearning/merging. I went around them on the left (R1 is a jumpy fucker <3), and right at this point I realized (BUT WITHOUT THINKING IT STRANGE) that I was pushing the R1 with my left and right legs on the ground (flinstones style). I was going fast and slow at the same time. My legs were going slow: 2 seconds per side... but the R1 itself was going fast (freeway speeds). In the dream I didn't question it at all, it was just the way the bike operated. As I passed the sedan and went in front of them, I had a weird thought: I wondered if, from their perspective in the sedan, my butt looked "in shape" (from all the pushing). lol wut?


3 black scenes in dreams last night.... eh is my subconscience telling me to censor my use of the word NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER

I'm not racist or gay, so wtf? But I'd say I'm more gay than racist, if gay/racism wasn't boolean as I believe it to be.