Dreams:
0) Snowboarding launch, girl glasses
1) Babysitting high security, woman firm ass
2) Nick/Tom Google party, watched by ceo


0) This and (1) are night before last. Went off one of those huge ramp things they use in the olympics (only skiiers can do it because there are rails. james bond went off one once). Pretty sure I was snowboarding though since I've never ski'd (how the fuck do you spell that shit). I went from higher than I was supposed to, and to slow myself down so as to not overshoot the landing I did fuck tons of spins in the air. I shot the wind off to my left and right as I spun (made [more] sense in the dream). I don't even remember landing (just like I won't remember dying ;-P). Later was just on a regular hill and somehow there was an announcement that the park was closing. I remember seeing a red "arrow" on the ground in the snow like in a video game, I think pointing us to the exit but idfk. I was heading out when I heard a girl talking to her friends and going a different direction. They said something about continuing skiing somewhere else. I somehow managed to butt into their conversation and join them. We went to one of their houses or something and skii'd some more (though I don't remember it). We formed a little group of friends and it was actually kind of pleasant. I think there may have been 2 girls and 1 guy (so 4 total incl me), but maybe it was 3 girls and no other dude. Regardless, a girl different from the one I butted into the conversation with was pretty nerdy and had huge glasses on. They were normal circumference, but the depth of the lense was at least an inch, maybe even two. I wanted to ask her about them but I didn't want to offend her and mess up the delicate/young group/friendship going on, so I said nothing. I figured she got enough shit for them as it is. I didn't notice/see the glasses until towards the end of the dream.


1) Caydon was at some [relatively] high security daycare thing. I showed up and stood in line to collect him, some lady walks up and takes my badge and walks out the front door. Two other women I am with and who are more familiar with the building are standing with/by me in line, I calmly state the badge incident and inquire if that was the norm (I wondered if maybe she could now claim Caydon herself, but I knew that depending on their responses I'd be able to run over and rescue him if needed (he was within view, but there was a line of 20+ people)). They confirmed it was normal/alright (no idea why she walked out the front door we had just walked in), and said something along the lines of "you've know what you're doing" or maybe even "you've been here before" (but I didn't/don't remember that being the case so...). That dream transformed and I remember being in a big room with a desk and a computer. Some woman, who may have been my mom or maybe just represented my mom (she didn't look like my mom, but I got this weird feeling that she was...), walked towards me and I panicked and minimized (or closed idfk) the window I was looking at... which contained a picture of her ;-P. I greeted her as she walked up, as if nothing was going on (as if I wasn't just looking at her pic like a creeper ;-P), and she made some remark about the computer/screen. I turned and the image I thought I had just minimized/closed was still up! Even in the dream I doubted the realism of this (though I didn't have any clue it was a dream). Computers are predictable (unlike humans) and this one was not. Not sure how this transition happend but at some point I stood up and hugged her and grabbed her FIRM BUTTOCKS (felt good man), maybe even saying something to compliment her butt too. I do remember my dad/family walking into the scene a bit later on, but the details of that are gone.


2) Dream from last night: I am pretty sure I had this dream because yesterday I emailed nick saying "can I bootsrap off your face?". No response yet (a tall order and I feel/felt bad for even asking). In the dream Tom and Nick both worked at Google and I guess as the response they invited me to come visit them there. The room we were in was dark and there were lots of people there in an open-desk (like cubicles but no walls) environment, all doing work and I vaguely recall music and even colorful flashing lights (like an rave) in the background. They were all doing work still but I got the impression that the work they were all doing was stupid/shit. Just mindless "follow the money" and "meet your requirements/deadline" type work. Tom said something along the lines of "what if we just gave you the money...", and I was like "err ehh I don't want money I just want SPACE, but if you gave me the money then obviously I'd take it". One of the Google founders came near and I could tell he was talking to others (one of which was the other founder ofc) through an earpiece. I either imagined or overheard or he said "is that the one?" (referring to me), or maybe "that's the one". We didn't make eye contact, I wouldn't give him the pleasure.