had a fucking weird ass dream where we were at a war time and like we all had to stand in line and bullshit and we had the ability to opt out of going to the war (even though it was still like a draft... we had to stand in that line or something). most of the people did not opt out... they just went with the fucking flow


well yea i had a bunch of friends in the dream but i recognized not a single one of them (from my awake world)


one of my friends went to war and within minutes she came back... err... dead(? keep reading)

she was only her head. she had been decapitated
i recognized her from when i was standing in line with her. i believe she was a friend of mine

anyways still had blood in her face, it wasn't purple and shit yet

there was a.. clip... like a fucking small ass battery jumper... clip... clipped onto her lower lip
there was a coord dangling from it and i don't know where it went. i don't remember seeing it plugged into anything... and shit it might not have been plugged into anything at all (we are tapping into the energy of the universe???)
but yea that clip on her lip somehow allowed her to speak
she said something like "this isn't that painful. i've experienced much worse"
but she spoke as if she was drowsy and her words got slower and slower. she said more but i can't remember what the fuck it was
as she spoke slower and slower her face began to get more and more purple
she knew she was decapitated and we all knew she would die soon/asap

the people holding her head were like... war technicians or something (friends? no idea)... that were i guess kind of like tech demo'ing that ability
i am reminded very much of a blurb i read about a chap getting his head chopped off in the guillotine and he had an arrangement with a friend (in the name of science i suppose) that he would continue blinking rapidly for as long as he could after being decapitated: TWELVE MOTHERFUCKING SECONDS
that is [supposedly] scientific!!! it blows my mind that for 12 seconds the decapitated head was able to blink. i can only imagine what he must have been thinking

"oh shit that was it. that was life. i guess i might as well blink because maybe it will help these humans to become smarter? it is my only/last contribution to the world"

those 12 seconds probably lasted seemingly hours "life flashing before your eyes" etc


sooo uhh anyways... that 12 seconds of blinking is probably the story i read about that caused me to have that dream. in fact i'm quite sure it is because i remember even thinking about it during the dream





so yea that talking head incident happened somewhat towards the front of the line. i was heading "backwards" (back out. away from the front lines) when the war technicians (i made that term up just now btw) stopped me to show me.

so yea i continued heading "out" and i remember going through a room/small-warehouse (most of the line was outdoors) and it being a medical room/hospital thing. i remember hearing people say/shout/declare that that room was contaminated or some shit. since i was already in teh room i just like held my breath (exhaling only) and continued through to the other side. this way i wouldn't have to wait for them to clear it up either. it was like a...  body... laying on a table... that was... somehow in a chemical warfare dangerous kind of way... polluting the surrounding air?


i remember walking by the body and like seeing Dr. House (rofl never seen him in a dream before) and he had like nose pinchers on and had his little smirmy smile going. i remember him being like tallish, skinnyish, and like silly sort of like a cartoon (except not). he had on his white Dr.'s coat.. which is strange because he never wears it in the show (but i don't think it's significant (but fuck it might be who knows))... and we just like barely met eyes as i continued walking out



so yea uhh i remember we were getting towards the back of the line and the line was more.. of a giant crowd of people (it was less single file). i remember seeing a beautiful brunnette/blonde (mixies) and like whispering in her ear as i walked by: "don't do it"... trying to get her to opt out
i didn't say anything else but i remembered thinking about her course of action for the rest of her life
either she does it and probably dies in teh war
or she doesn't and i have changed her life forever
(i guess it's possible she already planned on not doing it)
and i remember the best case scenario: i'd have changed her mind and she'd somehow find me and be with me etc

i didn't give her any way of contacting me and really there was very little exchange to begin with... i just wanted to save her you know??