Had a dream where Garisson and I were out away from the city and stuff, and we were in a parking lot and decided to go for a bike ride on a dirt road/path away from the main road. We left the car in the parking lot and began riding. After maybe 1/4-1 mile (idk), I was riding quite fast for fun and I saw a bear over eating a dead animal in the middle of a part where the dirt road splits in two. There was also a bush in front of the bear, and he was facing the same was as me riding. I rode past and/or in front of him, can't remember if on the left, and then slowed down and turned around to start heading back to the car (better than getting chased further into the wilderness). The bear looked freaking massive in person. It reminded me of that tiger dream (which I just re-read while LifeShaping yesterday), much bigger "in person". I didn't lock up as much in this dream, but I'll get to that shortly. Ok shortly is now: As I was riding back but not yet far away from the bear, My foot slipped and my pant leg tore and got caught in the bike. It would have been easy to have calmly peddled backward and to untangle it and to continue pedalling forward, under normal circumstances, but the fear/panick-ISH of the bear closing in behind us (oh yea it started chasing me when I started doubling back) made it stupid hard. Garrison and I were close to each other right around here, and we split off away from each other at this point. He lured the bear toward his bike as we split off intentionally (thx cuz), because he saw the pant leg caught situation and figured I'd be fucked if he didn't. It worked and yea we rode back to the car and jumped in and drove away.

This next part of the dream feels like a continuation of the previous, but was still way different. We, (Garrison (wtf is it Garrison or Garisson (fuckit)) and Robinson and I), were at my old friend Matt's house back in Riverside. Garrrissson was pretty much asleep during this whole dream, and Robinson was most of the time too. I mean yea we all three were (napping from the bike ride I suppose), but toward the end I woke up and started to leave. I walked over to the garage and looked at myself in the mirror and I was wearing a ridiculously huge fucking hat. Like a girl's sunbathing hat, except thicker (there was a few inches of insulation, it was double layered). I was also wearing a giant white mask. It looked like something out of Spirited Away. I looked like a bunny or a ghost or geisha or fuck idfk. I remembered looking at the mouth part and realizing I couldn't see my lips; that was when I zoomed out and realized I was wearing the mask xD. I did consider wearing the hat/mask for the bike ride home, but concluded that since they were my Aunt Robyn's that I should leave them there. I remember there being exactly one empty "pole" on the "hat rack" (like christmas tree style) specifically for the hat, and idk where I put the mask. I was a little around a corner as I was doing all this, and I heard Robinson now up and active doing idfk what. He probably figured I had already left... and I was about to anyways so I did.