Dreams:
00) Skeith sg
0) Russian
1) Pill shoulder
2) Nick fast food and lol trademark
3) Lucid kiss
4) Different angle of ASL teacher (different subject). Trains between classes. Noah gun bullet me girl kiss


0) This through (3) were night before last, (4) last night. Was in my CA house back yard. I recall sitting with legs crossed and looking at my leg, to the right of my left shin (inner shin?). On it was some Russian word(s) carved in (much deeper/wider than that band carving I have in my arm). In the middle of the word was a capital T and that was the deepest and seemed to have been revisited multiple time to re-darken. I don't know the word, it seemed russian in the dream and I also don't remember any of the other letters. Somehow the writing was a label for others to keep track of me. I think there was a Russian guy sitting nearby and he gave me a bit of the creeps. This seems related to (1) but it may have been the Russian's uncle/dad/gpa/etc in (1).


1) Two guys, one who may have been Russian(?), were in capital punishment death chairs. They were given pills I think, but I or someone watching didn't believe it so asked for x-ray view of the pills in their body. We got them and in both persons saw the pill as it traveled through their body and broke apart. It broke apart fast and unrealistically in their shoulder. The pill gravitated towards the shoulder that was furthest away from the other person (out of the two), as they were parallel to each other and facing the audience. The pills even seems mirror synchronized timing-wise. The pill dropped along with their throat, then moved immediately (not too fast but a couple inches per second) to their shoulder. Upon going there, it shattered into hundreds of pieces and then went down along the outer side of their torso (but also absorbed into torso: main point is it didn't go back the same way it came in (some shoulder stomach tube that doesn't exist)). We were in a shopping center of sorts, outside of a building and standing on the ground in some kind of half-enclosed-by-buildings circular area. Aventine? It was kinda small, only couple hundred people could stand there max. The two people that were killed were inside one of the buildings and on the second floor of it. We could only see them through a glass window.


2) Nick was driving a car or small SUV through that one most popular fast food place in the world (nuggets), and I was surprised to see him so I opened his backseat door and stuck my head in and made a face at him. I think I scared him (before he recognized me) because of the reaction he made (which I don't even remember). I thought about how I'd feel if he did the same to me, and well yea. Pretty sure this relates to my asking to bootstrap off his face, but idk. Later as I/we/something were leaving I looked at the drive-thru "take your order" sign/radio and at the bottom of it in pretty small letters was a "powered by Qt" or similar trademark and it made me lol.


3) Lucid dream that I remember lasting pretty long, but not very eventful. In a room full of people and just trying to stay calm and focused on the lucidity of it, trying to make it last etc. Eventually did try to do something random: tried to kiss a girl. No bullshit just walk over and kiss her (nameless girl (i think)); since I knew I was dreaming I didn't give a fuck ofc. She resisted however, and her resistence made me feel like the dream was slipping (and indeed it was). So I backed off and went to the next random girl I found and kissed her instead. I don't think this one resisted but I don't remember the kiss as vividly as (4), even though (4) wasn't lucid. Perhaps it was just because (4) happened more recently.


4) My ghostly white HS ASL teacher, whose name begins with an M I think, Charlotte M-something? The dream seemed to revolve around her. I drew a charicature of her and she didn't like it, I think it resembled a devil atop a volcano (her podium) or some such, but I was going for accuracy and just suck at drawing lawl. There were lots of small disconnected segments in the dream where we had to travel across large distances by train to get to our next class. WCS was in the dream at some point, even though that's a different state from this teacher I'm talking about. Overall she was a pretty nice teacher and I have nothing against her. Much later in the disconnected segments and back in that teacher's class, a kid pulled a gun out. He wasn't being hostile, you could tell he was simply not familiar with the rules. He said something that indicated he was clearly only interested in self defense, but I forget what. The teacher took him out of the class to talk to him privately. She returned later and for some reason decided to trust me to dispose of the bullet: she wasn't going to turn him in to the admins because she too could tell it was purely accidental. I was surprised that out of the revolver only came one bullet, but eh maybe he figured he'd only need one idk. I put the bullet in my pocket and planned to break it apart and dump out the gunpowder before disposing of it in some random trash can. I then started talking to my desk neighbor, who was some cute girl from my earlier days perhaps at WCS but whose name at this point slips me. She was soft pale blonde, appeared rather fragile both physically and mentally.... but incredibly beautiful of course (christians always are). We got to talking about idfk what and I somehow told her I had a secret and I'd tell/show her what it is if she gave me a kiss. I reasoned that since I didn't give a fuck about the trust of that teacher, it was ok to break. I also figured that using the bullet as a bargaining chip like that didn't constitute rape. Sure it was manipulation, but nobody was forcing her to kiss me. I puckered up my lips to receive the kiss and leaned forward to meet her for it, but she didn't go for it at first. So then I relaxed back to my zone and rested my head on my arms on my desk, with head facing her of course, lips now only semi-puckered for a kiss... and closed my eyes. She kissed me a few moments later and it felt good man. Was just a soft closed-mouth kiss and pretty brief in duration, but the FEEELS man I need to go outside more.

The reason the teacher chose me for the bullet was I think because I was the most rebellious-seeming in the class. She felt I could be trusted to do her dirty work I guess. Mind you the kids in that class were particularly... non-rebellious. All the tough kids take Spanish/German.