Dreams:
1) 2 Hackers
2) Surfing
3) Electric Mini Crotch Rocket
4) Stealth Mission
5) Gelatin fruit smoothie
6) Speedo cock flash


1) There were two hackers and they were both celebrity'ish and maybe even being interviewed in the dream, I forget. One was a crane operator and the other was a guy inside a building, I guess sort of like a carpenter. The man inside the building was sort of complaining about how "it took him this long to make the building this high so he could stand up" (he started off laying down and the building was flat)... and the 2nd/crane guy was praised for "escaping the clutches of yahoo" (haha my dream is defaming Yahoo! suck my dick errbody!). The first guy was "trapped" inside a 5x5 (tees? ft?) building which was referred to as Multimap. It even had the coloration of multimap.. but it was just a 5x5, x1 (initially (later when he is standing it's roughly 5x5x5)) building. He went in just sort of exploring but the maker of the building designed it as an inescapable trap. I think even later in the dream I went in investigating/curios and fell for the same trap (though I don't remember who I was etc). Everybody seemed impressed that he managed to raise the height of the building to 5 so that he could stand up, but he just seemed winded and pissed off.

I think the dream is about micro vs. macro.. but that's just my waking/now interpretation.

The 2nd guy, the crane guy, somehow escaped the clutches of Yahoo and that was an accomplishment he was praised for (along with his general hackery). I guess it had something to do with NDAs etc, but that's just a blind guess. I either don't remember or the dream wasn't specific. Anyways, I wondered why a hacker was operating a crane like so... and I kinda concluded that it's probably just what floated his boat: what he was into. He would do contract work. He'd operate his crane and build a building, then move onto the next. He seemed unphased.. but also not that into it. I pondered if he, in his own interest, went and got an engineering degree and read how to operate crane manuals etc (on top of being a computer hacker ofc). When I say he seemed unphased, I mean that he wasn't stressed and pissed like the other hacker.

I could also interpret this as a "choose the right tools for the job" type dream. It's easy to stay high level (crane operator) if I wanted to. Idk was just weird and I'm seeing more symbolism in it now than I did when I was having it.


2) Surfing at Newport beach (even though I can't surf): the waves were enormous. I'm talking like 100ft+. Skipping ahead some (sorry), I remember being sucked "down/back" because I didn't go "through" the wave far enough... and like thinking "this is it, i am dead" and just lettting my body go limp and accepting it. I also told myself that my survival was more likely if I was relaxed too (true or false?). I imagined my body/head, which was linear, slamming into the sand at the bottom of the washing machine and my spine snapping like a toothpick: instant death. Ok well anyways, there were lots of those waves and some of them I escaped, and some of them I escaped only because I let go of my surfboard (a thing which is true a lot of the times when I am boogie boarding (though letting go of a surfboard is much more dangerous and not recommended)). I remember riding (the fail way, tumbling) a crashing wave waaaay up onto the sand, much further than the waves normally crash. I don't remember much else about the dream, except I remember seeing OMFG MASSIVE waves heading right toward me, and the fear of death kicking in...... and yet you HAVE TO PADDLE STRAIGHT _AT_ THE WAVE (which seems contradictory) in order to survive. I didn't [try to] ride any of the waves, they were all way the fuck too huge for my skill level.


3) I was riding my electric mini crotch rocket on the boardwalk, so it was probably near (2).. though I don't remember the two being connected in any [other?] way. I was riding and then all of the sudden started going noticeably slower. I looked down to examine if one of my gas tanks had fallen off (wat), but wasn't able to conclude whether or not that was the case because I just saw one and didn't know how many I was supposed to see. I eventually turned around and saw the source of the slowdown. Some pranksters/d00dz hooked a rope to the back of my bike and were now having me pull them (them being on a skateboard I believe). When I saw this/them, I just stopped giving the bike gas (err, throttle (electric? gas? fuck it)) and stared at them with a blank expression as they then passed me up, the rope still attached. It was my "I'm not angry but I'm not going to pull you" action/facial-expression (see, the thing is... I understand trolls... because I am one). The dream gets kinda fuzzy right around here but I remember two parts but am lacking certain details to make it make sense: one part I was pulling them or something and THEY had the ability to "yank the rope" and it would have injured me... back damage or something (maybe this took place earlier)... and during another part, the dude on the skateboard and I switched places or something... I'm not exactly sure how... and now I had the abilty to pull the rope really hard and injure him... but he also had the ability to "cut the rope" (or just unhook it) and steal my crotch rocket! Even though I saw that vulnerablity, he didn't exploit it. I did eventually start running to keep up with him... I don't know why I lost the skateboard or whatever it was... but I was running on cement and I was wearing metal baseball cleats. This idea actually sounds kind of interesting to try IRL. He was pulling me and I was running/sliding simultaneously. The metal and cement somehow gave very little friction (sparks, though? I don't remember any (though there would be IRL!)) and I was able to "keep up" and go fast but didn't have to slow him down on the bike very much. In reality this is probably bullshit and the skateboard would provide way less friction.... but in the dream it was extremely efficient! I wanted to stop him and tell him about the discovery! I figured since he was decent enough to not steal my bike given the opportunity, he was intelligent enough to understand the significance/coolness of the discovery. I never got that far in the dream to tell him, it ended right about there.


4) Ridiculously blurry I think there was the top of a shopping store and then later I went down and into some other building and hid in the freezer waiting for my partner/teammate/whatever to come get me or something when the coast was clear I really have no fucking clue but it was definitely more elaborate than I am now.


5) This one's from a few nights ago but I was too lazy to write it down: My sister and I were at a booth and we were choosing our giant oversized gelatin fruit things to put in some sort of smoothie or fuck if I know what (smoothie comes to mind, but cold does not). My mom was waiting at the smoothie-maker or something and I was like "eh this dream is almost over anyways" or was it "life"? Idk. There was much more to this dream including a person who was a bad guy doing something but fuck I can't remember shit.


6) Same night as (5): This dream's kinda kinky and I don't want to censor it but I'm going to anyways (just the names). It was with a childhood friend who was semi-rich, let's say Bob. He and I were going to his neighbor's house for a party or something and we doubled back to his own house to get our swim suits and Bob's mom was like helping me get dressed or giving me something to wear or something. I think I had a swimming suit but nothing to wear underneath it, so she gave me a speedo or something. It's blurry/confusing but I remember enjoying the dream very much ;-). I ended up taking the speedo off and I was wearing a shirt so she couldn't see that much of my penis as she went to go get another speedo or something, but then my dick kept growing and growing so it was well below my shirt line and she said something like "you better watch that thing" and I pretended to be ignorant that it was even showing even though I knew I was flashing her and I was loving every second of it.

She gave me a speedo and then another speedo to wear on top of it.. and I was like "meh I don't want to wear a speedo TOO EMBARRASSING" and eventually realized "oh shit I have my regular swim suit I can wear over the under speedo duh that was the original idea all along xD". My waking interpretation of that is that I am embarrassed of things still and conquering shame/embarrassment will be hard if not impossible. Speedo is just a silly example (I could conquer that if I really cared (do I? (I guess if I choose to! (now I don't know if I should go skinny dipping or in regular swim suit)))), but there are lots of other daily occurances where I am "embarrassed by default". If "what I want" is to not be embarrassed, does the trump "conquer any/all embarrassment" ??? Again, it doesn't fucking matter what I decide :)