while(true)
{
	whatDoYouHaveToSay?();
}


Something about a two story house/apt and the top room was for some reason MY FAVORITE IN THE WORLD. I went over to inquire about purchasing it and the two rooms had been combined into a single high ceiling room. In it were two guys and some girls. The guys were not treating the women "RIGHT" and so, I think it was Garrison and I, but perhaps my brother and I, "put them in their place". I don't recall actually fighting or doing or saying anything to them, just that our... presence... made the two others stop (there may have been a fight the dream skips this).

A door that is sort of parallel to the long-ways of the room, and yet outside (while still being able to see inside (a wall is missing wtf)????)... is where the following takes place. Me and whoever I'm with are going out of the door, err at least "left" through it. A small asian family is going "right" through it. It is pretty much only a door frame, but there may or may not have been a door (irrelevant?). I press my back up against a/the wall (frame?) to make as much room as possible for them to go through at the same time. I turn my feet outward and tuck my chin in. The asian family slips by one at a time, and the last one to go through is a slightly older asian woman. We make minimal eye contact and someone says something along the lines of: "why don't you say/feel/do anything?". It was directed at me and was either an asian kid or maybe even myself. "Feel" doesn't even seem to fit there and I think the word was "Do"... but I don't fucking know. I, or again: someone, say to... I think the asian woman: "Do you have anything to say?". The question was pretty much rhetorical and mostly just a response to the previous statement. I/they knew she/they/I(?) had nothing to say during that simple pass through the same door space. She did not answer and well that was pretty much it for THAT visual portion of the dream.

I focused intensely on the question "what do you have to say?" and studied it further than ever before. I concluded that it was not in fact the same as when a robot asks it.

BTW/OT'ish: don't worry about when the true in that while becomes false ;-)


A robot merely recites words. A human being stirs his subconscious when he says something. The act of saying it also forces it through his forelobe. We use all 5 of our senses to instantly/easily calculate



OT'ish again: we used force/will (force = will) to get those 2 guys to stop being bad




all 5 of our senses to calculate something to say. It is, even just the lame ass comentary of someone else's work, still a great way to keep a human mind in shape. Sitting in silence... or mindlessly consuming (TV, Internet, Music, etc)... or saying the same thing over and over (small talk)... do not do this for you.


I thought about how post-launch that will be my single objective. To simply say what I have to say about everything. Mind you I will wear a sound proof helmet so as not to annoy my peers (DPL opt-in interconnected ofc <3). It is a simple guideline more than an objective.


When I thought of that "while true" 'formula', I burst with giddy excitement and then turned on my computer (oddly seemed entirely realistic in that my button to power on was dangling out the back of my comp -- just like it REALLY is)... and then went a few steps over and did like this crazy sporatic sand... roll. Like just flaling my body parts and torso wildly in the sand and kicking up sand all over the place. Eventually I connected the two pieces of information that my computer was not in fact near sand and that I guess I am dreaming. Then I woke up for real and was unable to convince myself to get out of bed to write the formula. I comprehended and understood that I had thought about the formula at 3 different "levels" of thought. I think I even put a mental checkmark next to it as "important" and threatened to kill myself if I couldn't recall it when I woke up. Or maybe that check mark was meant for something else equally/more important and I have forgotten it already :-P. Regardless, right after that threat, I called myself out saying I knew I wouldn't do it anyways xD.

I am glad I remembered it long enough to write it down.