my project immediately following AdAgency should be a free video game
exploring/socializing/creating is the main mission
maybe fps arenas or something too.. but that should come secondary as fuck

building the world, a la minecraft style, is also a big objective

however, where it diverges from minecraft (noob shit) is that i want it to be completely decentralized
1 giant fucking server
ad based (AdAgency).. people can put up an ad on their own creations, i take my small sliver for providing the functionality

of course, the entrance to the game (which i think should be a 3d representation of MY ROOM), will have the first ad up on the wall (tangent: i can put a giant monitor in my room with the same image on it for lulz)
freenode bootstrapping is ideal... mimic bitcoin... maybe even in the way it crunches blocks to keep a clean record of what exists

there is no deletion of objects. ever.

you can go into an offline/private mode and make an object... and while in that mode you can delete/etc... but once you import it into the main server, it stays where you put it, however you put it. future revisions can replace old ones, but the user has the ability to revert (from their perspective or for everyone's?)

bsp vs. scenery.. a la halo

bsp can only be created in realtime
but how to MODIFY (implies delete) bsp

movie rooms, p2p stream of the movie playing
if you want to rewind it you're thrown into your own room (that others can join)

players have tv heads, or just regular heads but with webcam injected skin on mesh (i've written about this before)

where stuff gets interesting is when i factor in data
like, for example, a hard drive in the world
everything needs to be spread out as fuck amongst ip addresses/nodes
it should NOT be "if the person is near me, i connect/talk to them"
random nodes selected, etc

hard drives in-game are basically what i envision d3fault/dht to be





a world of freedom
there is no place in the physical earth where we can be free
so we live on the internet
i will possibly maybe eventually undeclare my US citizenship and declare myself a citizen of the virtual world
this isn't 2nd life type shit... i want a basis in reality... if one can be aquired


long as fuck term, projected reality (there's a better term for this but i forget)
oh right the term is augmented reality
you walk around IRL wearing glasses, you walk around in-game
assuming the game is model'd after earth, which i want it to be


NOTE: do not make the plane flat. make it a giant ass sphere the size of earth (wikipedia that shit)
anybody can teleport wherever the fuck they want on the earth and make their own shit (their own house)
grass everywhere in between (can be changed as appropriate. change implies delete. work this out)


what i'm really getting at is basically starting with a "game" and trasforming it into an amazingly awesome dht/app. the problem of "where to store data" is solved because it is stored "in the physical realm of the game"
3rd party (well, i'll make em) editions of file access managers (D3FAULT!!!!) can interface with the game, ignoring all the 3d/mesh bullshit that it doesn't care about and going straight for the data

you cannot play if you cannot upload
it makes no sense
this solves the problem of people not contributing
they'll have to in order to play
else, how would they move in-game?
suhweet nice side-effect i just stumbled upon

LGPL or GPL, idk idc fuggit. mb even public domain (forced) for the contributing/created in-game data. the underlying code might need to be something else as it interfaces with LGPL? maybe not i think LGPL doesn't contaminate the user's licensing


it is an experiment, after all
so there can be different iterations of this (realm) when incompatible bugs need to be fixed. do not rely on it for data storage [just yet]

like freenet, a user shouldn't know what data they store.. else they are obligated to respond to dmca takedowns





scaling talk voice radius', based on lag
your voice can be heard (but at a low volume, increasing as they get closer) by anyone within 10meters in game (definitely using the metric system fucking americans are stupid)... but if the overall system detects lag, it can scale that number down (or up) as appropriate



it goes on...