2 part idea, the second part is the only idea to be considered an "idea/project/invention" (and it's probably patentworthy, but everything and their mom is these days if you're willing to bribe the USPTO $10k).

a) I want to get a mountain bike for exercise/fun, and I've heard of (but haven't yet tried) these pedal-assist bikes that do ~50% of the pedaling for you. Since they require you to pedal as well (and they don't keep going when you stop (or crash xD)) and since they aren't doing a "majority" of the work, they aren't considered motorized vehicles and you can ride them anywhere you can ride a normal bike (which is a LOT more places than motor vehicles (regular electric bikes or gas motorcycles) are allowed to go... and much less licensing/permit/etc requirements too). Cool I'm fucking sold, especially since I could (in theory) charge them up with my solar panels (well the solar panels I plan to get, it'd probably take eons for my 15w panel to charge them up). The "idea" is rather simple: park my truck/camper at the bottom of a hill (such as the one I'm parked on right now: Thomas Mountain Road in Idyllwild), use pedal assist to go UP the hill. When the battery runs out, turn around and coast/jam/fly back down :-). I like downhill mountain biking and am a decent (but far from good/pro) bike rider, so this idea isn't for everyone. Exercising this way will strengthen you more in the "endurance" kind of way rather than the "FFFF YEAAA ROIDS I WANT MY MUSCLES TO BE MASSIVE" kind of way, since you are doing 50% less work but for twice as long. Additionally, you get to downhill mountain bike TWICE as far (on average) with the same amount of up-hill energy (excluding electricity, talking body energy only) expended. I'm indifferent to whether or not I get "endurance" or "beefy" exercise, it was just an observation.

b) While riding uphill, I can observe/analyze kickers/jumps/bumps-that-if-you-go-fast-enough-over-you-get-air-off-of and, after analyzing the landing and making sure it's a safer kicker (this is key), put the gps coords of the kicker (and maybe it's difficulty or how fast I should take it or something along those lines) into my computer. On the way back down, my computer can tell me (audio preferably, I don't want to sacrifice visuals during downhill mountain biking) when a kicker is approaching and how fast to take it. Without such an app, you'd have to ride down the hill multiple times before you had each kicker memorized and could confidently/safely hit them. Another thing to complement the gps-coords/difficulty could be a side-view picture of the kicker and landing... because that way you'd be able to see/remember exactly what to expect and how to take the jump. That picture could substitute for the difficulty rating (but maybe not an "estimated speed" rating unless we take another picture of the approach and after-landing as well). Sure you don't want to look away from the road but a quick glance at a picture is worth a thousand words. Would also be nice to have a speedometer on the bike, but eyeballing your speed isn't so hard at such low speeds. This is kinda like what rallycar racers use their navigator for, but way better imo (why the fuck don't rallycar racers use a similar app? Hah now that I've mentioned it they can't patent that either, pigfuckers).
