blue screen optimization

i thought of this while pondering sensory deprivation. i am thinking of the launch consisting solely of me coding plus doing sensory deprivation etc. not complete, but like CC-BY -> DPL media only. i was more focusing on the visual aspects of this. i could be in a completely black room with completely black things (don't endorse proprietary anything, put tape over them) but the color is irrelevant. i thought of doing a blue screen behind my persons and then video compressing THAT and sending it to the viewer. since the background is solid blue, it will get optimized mostly away and will save bandwidth! of course, even sending a static background will get mostly optimized away (except for the fact that me moving in front of it will make it dynamic in a way). anyways, the viewer can select their own bitmap background. that's the bulk of the idea... but we should let them select "none" (blue background lol, or shit they could even substitute any color on the fly), "user selected", or perhaps it defaults to auto where i send them a bitmap that is client-side "blue-overwritten" (for lack of a better word, idfk). the point is that they do it in the client so we can compress dat blue as much as possible. TODOreq: it might be not an optimization after all. i think if i used a static bitmap that the video compression libs should be able to tell it isn't moving? but then if i am moving in front of it, the video compression isn't smart enough to know that there's a static image "behind" me (but i can code this in userland, as mentioned above). i think a solid blue color will always compress maximally, whereas the static background image (if i let the encoder do it instead of doing it myself in user code) will re-send the portions that were uncovered, covered, and then uncovered again! bam yes it IS an optimization! codecs could account for that but i don't think they do. could be wrong but shit codecs are complex as fuck. they usually only "pull" from frames near them, so i doubt they'd know that for the entire duration that there's a static bitmap in the back (or maybe they can detect it? what the fuck. i know i could if i was making a codec hahaha). ALSO, then the user can't select their own bitmap! this is a random/cool feature in itself that should be done. if they select "auto" or whatever, i send them "a" background bitmap (i guess i can update it and send them more new ones at any time by free will too?) only once and the software cuts out the blue etc