i was standing next to my chair and merely sensory depriving myself, similar to the garage experience of finding myself upside-down because i got stuck on the other side of it with the lights off. while here next to my chair deciding whether to go to sleep or not, i found myself weighing the decision of whether to go to sleep or to stay up and go on the computer. i decided after much weighing that i should just stand there and continue to disassociate. it was in this "zone" that i came up for it (because the zone is it). it is DPL-only input and output. as in, reality itself goes poof. you can still use "input methods" and you can even attach electric shocks and/or vibrations all throughout your body to provide sensory feedback, but the reality of accepting visual input can be overridden and/or.... redirected. this redirection is entirely legal and a human right. i can live in a DPL world that i created. i can make an operating system && i have already proven to myself that i can literally sit and stare at a computer screen for days/months/years on end (i meant to write hours, but the truth is years (with breaks of course (food etc. i am not making a decision at this moment on whether i would take breaks from the computer screen. i probably never will decide one way or the other: free will means i can do whatever i want, when i want. there are no predefined paths of logic that you must follow. you may contradict yourself and change directions at any moment. there is no target. we are "getting off on" the action of movement itself. so long as you are going "as fast as possible in THAT direction", you will achieve mental and presumably physical bliss. there isn't really a difference but i do think you should be in shape so as to live longer (project go outside). the way you go outside simultaneously is by adding a transparency layer to the "operating system" that lets in a camera, which is your vision from the real world. i am not claiming that my operating system is "real" (though it is really is virtual!), just that i prefer it over this... brainwash driven world))). i speak often about "how much input do i allow?". the answer to that is simple: DPL-licensed content is allowed, the rest is not. you do not have to remain "stupid" by sensory depriving yourself as you are currently. it would be foolish to give up on seeing humanity unfold during the years you are alive. especially considering you need to receive input in order to document it. that doesn't make MUCH sense, except that you become a "history book" of sorts when you do that. just capturing unfolding events, whereas the close-my-fucking-eyes-and-create-an-[hopefully-visual]-os-from-scratch is the creation of a completely tangential and original* (* = remember: stand on shoulders of giants) extension directly into my mind. it is the primary subject of the "running very fast", though the direction does not matter. think of it as exploring a new environment. nobody goes about it all 0,0->0,1->0,2 boring like a robot, column/row by column/row. it is better to investigate the terrain (your mind in this instance) by running around randomly (WITH HUGE *BIAS* = whatever seems interesting). staying flexible and not summoning denial to help you maintain a direction is the only way to live a peaceful mental life. this is my starting point. this is my launch. i am essentially in it, except i might be standing and/or sensory depriving like i was when i originally thought of this idea. the sensory deprivation only helps me forget about the existence of reality. i definitely want to have the option to come out of the operating system at any moment i will. to not have it would be torture. the transparency effect will give a nice "balance" between the two. but to start out, i am going to code myself a black screen notepad. eh this might not work entirely because i need qt creator etc to create the operating system itself. i guess that's a bootstrap exception :-P. i will code the "network" in this mode, and i will also be talking/dictating/coding/thinking-out-loud and recording all of that as well. balancing the ME-coding vs. the outsourced-triggered-coding-from-my-speech-i-guess will be a problem that i need not forget about and eventually need to tackle. still, i plan to do a healthy amount of coding. it is fun to me, and i will especially enjoy it once i have created programming environments that i can enjoy. i almost feel like i have to be the one coding most of it. i guess i will pick and choose MODULES/classes (either or) that seem "arbitrary" and/or re-usable in many different scenarios and those would be the one that i outsource. i pay people to write code and release it under the DPL license. i get my money from advertising revenue of the broadcasting of the entire fucking thing under DPL. HOW THE FUCK WILL THIS PLAN _NOT_ WORK? oh and fingers (creation + output from creation) + CC-BY music (input during bootstrap, though i cannot "stream" unfortunately out of paranoia (unless i own the stream service ofc :-P)) will be utilized to make things even more interesting and because i really really love music and it helps me get in and stay in the zone. i also want to make it because.... just because. it sounds fun just like coding is. my life will consist entirely of "fun" things even though i will still be "contributing to society". the senselessness of consumerism practically guarantees that i will make enough in advertising revenue to sustain myself and the project. further, i predict i will get filthy fucking rich from it and will use that money to outsource shit tons of projects. i will be larger than microsoft/google. i will be worshipped by the open source/free software/free culture community. i am a moderate to advanced programmer, but my "let's step back and analyze this life thing some more" ability is my true strength. i refuse to waste my life as a code monkey in a company. i'd rather have a bullet. kevin rose's "the dark tipper" segment on TechTV's The Screensavers (RIP) was extraordinarily popular... yet Kevin Rose himself is a noob. My "watch me hack live" / Truman Show hybrid will shit all over that segment (but it will also provide plenty of boring moments :-P (that's where tagging comes in handy)). this is probably my most.... directional... or.... helpful... or... breakthrough.... document yet. i am going to do this or i am going to kill myself.