ad agency + p2p video,
do it faggot
d3fault would be distant goal
go public and your first task is to build a food/water/shelter(privacy-AIMED_FOR) auto-self-generating-machine
this will get rid of the need for jobs that don't really contribute anything to the better of mankind: ie most of them
they will no longer need to spin a wheel and drink the water that splashes off of it
bitcoin allows you to publically spend, p2p video allows you to publically associate shit with it in a realtime basis
but yea, i genuinely believe i can do it
as in, i know i can do it
i will do it
i will it
i am willing it
that was the line
3 above this one (can't figure out if 2 or 3: "i will it")
"i challenge thee, intellectually"
i said that line out loud
might be one of my biggest mistakes...
but i'm to say it to a politician/government person

come to think of it, a waste of time (but not if they're pursuing ME)
i would just mind my own. arguing/bitching with them is a waste of time
"so what, you're always right?"
"no... but the people are"
"are they?"
"no"
"i interpret their votes/OPINIONS and give my opinion of what i think is most logical"

we definitely have too many unnecessary votes. asking me about some random incident overseas is pointless. there is no need to keep track of it (unless you are in charge of it)
so i won't
start from scratch, ignore all EXCEPT everyone's votes/majory-votes-i-guess- because otherwise i wouldn't be ignoring all. ignore all but the majority. basically.
to do that, i at first ignore all. until someone joins my system. a fellow node. then whenever i hold a vote on a policy (can be literally ANYTHING in code OR in just a Q&A (with categories and sub-categories) and i choose the winner based on logical explainations from each side. i am giving myself way too much power, this is true. but it is necessary because i HAVE to trust MYSELF and _I_ am the one making it (initially). who else can i trust but myself? i can't code it if i don't trust myself. i cannot trust anyone. trust not to be confused with consult (via polling).
i share my opinions as i read the polling results in realtime and explain my logical analysis of each. (there should be a follow-up for voters to show a logical fallacy.... because i am not always right). this would then negate the purpose of ignoring everyone because at this point i can't rely on a poll. actually i can rely on a categories vote-thingy somehow. just call it "..................".... ok i forgot what i'm thinking about but i know i have written enough
