all that matters for a mobile node to be able to a) receive data and b) be "respectable/trustable" is that they send/receive nodes for the exact time that they are online at some reasonable bandwidth that they deem worth it. once they are online for the allotted time
the servers, which means they have impecable downtime records keep track of each other and exchange with each other verifications of the stored files (so a 'verify' is just a hash check with a new input shit. they take turns generated the input shit (it could be a key, or whatever. just something to like xor it. maybe a key is safer, maybe it isn't). you need to make sure that the read is from the hdd and not from the cache (ONLY FOR VERIFIES). we want to use the cache for regular GETs (they error/report/self-fix??).
the servers, which have duties, generate and split a type of bitcoin. a value. we may bootstrap bitcoin if need be.
they all agree to give each other a 3-2 bandwidth ratio.
MAYBE the 3-2 advantage could be is also measured and used as a contract to be a server.

nodes disagreeing on a time could call their peers and their peers are respectively told to meet each other and resolve it. it doesn't matter how many N peers there are, so long as the numbers are scaled appropriately (for example, if the peers tie in disagreeing +recursively). only "servers" (non-mobile/temporary) can be included in the decision process. they have to earn it by providing a set specific amount of bandwidth (for a given % of uptime before a node can be upgraded from Standard/Newbie Server to Trusted Server) and using 3:2 of their bandwidth just for relaying messages. no that doesn't make sense. they send out 3 relays for inter-server communication for every 2  relays for temporary/mobile inter-server communication

if you own a server you should get a free copy of the "paid for" temporary/mobile priority access for each trusted node you put in. your free bandwidth allocation is your average bandwidth per month for the associated server
if you don't own a server, you can pay for it (in bitcoins? in d3faults (represents a timespan of data stored/bandwidth transferred]?)
you're basically publically trading and making up a currency to (maybe i should use bitcoin...?... maybe i should release anonymously?) pay for bandwidth/server space/maybe-memory-should-be-set-too(?)/and-i-guess-cpu-could-as-well(?)/but-auto-adjusted-to-scale-for-the-scarcity-of-each. it picks first the most "rich" server (based on all of it's offered/specified power supply/decision-based-on-scarcity) to idkwhatfor? they get the biggest cut? we accept every amount of bandwidth except if it's misiscule like .1kbps and isn't even worth the effort. but we would definitely accept something as little as 5 kb/s. for big files, that 5kb/s could be worth all the effort. especially if there are lots of 5kb servers. man the request overhead probably wouldn't make 5kb worth it. fuck my head is exploding