With music making (fingers impl or whatever), I'll probably be re-playing over previously played (play=compose) tracks/streams. I want to make sure that I keep each "play" of a track (beit an instrument or 'configuration') independent of each other, never to irreversibly combine them. But yea uhh for helping seed randomness and to give me more of a variety of seed music, I should randomize which of the "beneath previously played streams/tracks" are seeded to me. Like if I've played a drum beat and then 9 different instruments on top (each one it's own "pass", then I can randomly select only some of those 9 (and how many I select can itself be random) to be presented as seed music. Some of the streams, such as the drums (but any stream really), can be selected to always be in (or out) of the seed music stream (bypassing the random selection). Any playing should be noted (in a header or meta or whatever somewhere) what streams (and versions of those streams ofc, because I can change them too (OT)) was used as seed. We form a kind of "related streams", the common link being whatever is permament (such as the drums), but it's strange to understand that with many playings off of many random seeds later, there can be NO COMMON LINKS between two "compositions" (set of streams) that are still a part of the same "related streams" (they share common ancestors, but not any direct parents). I suppose the topmost/first ("drum", but anything really) stream should be the identifier for those "related streams", but even that topmost/first stream needn't be in those two "compositions" that are a part of the same "related streams"... so maybe I should just understand the concept of the "related streams" and pick a fucking random word out of the dictionary for use as their identifier (or come up with one myself (random word from dictionary automatically/by-default, but replaceable with anything I desire)). Of course, for any given "related streams" (identified however), I should be able to see all of the streams made with it, all the compositions (sets of streams that are noted/tagged as sounding good, basically), and they should all be presented in some fancy looking chronological branching graph thing.

Wouldn't be surprised if this already exists, but I still want to code it myself because other peoples' code is difficult to understand and expand upon... and also that it'd be LGPL/DPL is highly unlikely.