hardware switching of mouse/keyboard usb (or gloves data) to online/offline computers respectively. this code can live on the pi and the pi is the online computer? or is it not. i think it's not. but it is where the code lives. on both the online and offline. so i have 2?? i don't get it. ok fingers -> controller -> (online / offline).
the controller, which IS the offline pi, has software on it to tell the arduino whether or not to provide power to the ONLINE computer's


hardware.poweroff.of.usb.forwarding.offline.always.takes.copy.but.online.is.power-disabled.by.arduino.or.something.idfk.oh.and.txt the qt software on the offline device. ok this makes sense to go left from my offline and then the power is enabled and the offline still records the movement but in a different context. it also has a video feed that it is (always? or just when i mouse-over) recording by means of video feed split. so now i am controlling the online computer and my exact mouse movements and keypresses are recorded. the internal state of the online computer is not recorded, however. who gives a shit. so i guess i'm thinking like i'm just going to pre-input the screen's resolution and then i just keep track of where the mouse is on the online computer as best i can but they will probably become out of sync especially while gaming. i could capture a scroll lock just like on synergy and that tells the controller/offline pi (which controls the software which controls the arduino which physically controls the power of usb cable to online computer) not to toggle the power when the mouse is scrolled over to the right of the screen. this is gaming lock-in mode. it might only work with a ball mouse as that has a hard number that they both use? using the same OS for both online/offline would possibly be key in getting the best matching of mousespeeds. maybe same size resolution but i don't think that matters so long as you specify it properly.

maybe even pressing scroll-lock turns the main default large-screen/main videogrid into the online/gaming-mode/capture-mode (which could even capture my face and/or surroundings if i chose?)