so that 2 streams in 1 hidden thing (or really infinite in 1) was a tangent

i was trying to think if i want to be 100% public, semi-private, etc

and i decided i want to be 100% public, and 0-100% private based on HOWEVER THE FUCK MUCH I WANT

it's worth noting that those 2 percentages add together

just as my online computer is on over to the left (currently reading GFS wikipedia trying to understand DLM/Chubby + GFS design)
my offline computer, where i'm typing right now, was just turned on. it would be my pi + arduino, and would have some kind of write-only mode to an online pc (another pi? android with mobile data? laptop? who gives a fuck what)

so i am safe and still retain a certain amount of privacy





i need to cherrish my quiet life
private life
it will be gone someday
and there will be no getting it back

you will miss it.
guaranteed


but it's not worth keeping

a) stay quiet, die quiet, retain max privacy
b) get loud, no privacy






the scenario i envisioned (and the reason i said 'tom' in earlier docs):
tom is being controlled like on arrested development via video camera
i have him walk around my data center and his arms/hands are at my command
he jokes, "i am steven's robot"
but yea, the offline computer (which can still sign/propagate messages? how do i get responses? same way i read emails? copy over via usb/whatever?) i initiate a drug deal
and i command tom to "pick up this bag from some guy at the door"
i don't explain what it is
tom never knows


i mean fuck yea ima smoke mad bowls with that dick
cuz he's cool
but idk, he just popped into my head
could be any person lawl

1x surrogate(that's the word!) per data center...
he could probably manage the whole place single handedly
aka i could manage every data center around the world single handedly

hire a relatively smart fucker
surrogate/record him regardless

detach
autopilot mode, all recorded just in case (and to keep him worried and less error prone?)
i only give commands whenever i need to

they could even be higher level commands if the monkey can code