infinite recursion escaping retroactive censorship machine (after all, they are legally demanding it!)

The live stream is incapable of being censored, obviously, but in order to be DMCA compliant I'll have to go back and edit my stream for the "archive" version/copy. Let's say for example I'm playing Hedgewars for the first time and I don't know before playing it that tons of the hats are blatant copyright infringement (a lot of GPL/BY-SA is tbh lol). So I am playing and as soon as I see the first proprietary hat I should quit and then launch my censorship app. It is essentially a video editing app that lets me blank out shit. If everything on the screen is infringing then I could just take out entire segments of time (leaving the audio, if it isn't also infringing (or vice versa really))... but if say just a smaller item on the screen is infringing (a hat) then I could take a black square and cover the hat. So now the archived copy has a black square over the hat.... BUT WAIT: the video of me running the censorship app has some frames showing the hat before I cover it with black! To solve this some clever coding is required (you can't re-use the censorship app on the video of you using the censorship app (the first time), otherwise you'll run into the exact same problem on that run (and so on and so forth)). Essentially you need to have the "timings" synchronized in some special manner. The fucking censorship app needs to be smart as fuck and needs to know that the archived copy of the video of you running the censorship app needs to use the black squares too. BUT since the "view into the past" will likely not be fullscreen, the black square needs to be transformed/shifted appropriately (so the censorship app needs to be smart with itself as well... knowing where it is displaying it's view into the past on it's own screen). For semi-useful (but not very) differentiation, you could use "blue" to show what is "censored [automatically, using described mechanism] only in the archived version of the recording of the execution of the censorship app".... and then the regular "black" once you've clicked-dragged over the offending content. So it would look like this on the archived copy in chronological order: black blocks over the infringing hats during the gameplay before quitting, blue blocks over the hats in the video of you running the censorship app just before you've added the black blocks (this takes "timing synchronization intelligence" to perform), and finally black blocks over the hats in the video of you running the censorship app after you've clicked-dragged over them (this video footage would not need doctoring). Essentially since it is all one giant stream, the censorship app has to "be aware of itself". And of course it is physically impossible to censor a live stream...

Also none of this applies to the "d3fault" no-deletes dream project DHT since on that it will be intentionally technologically impossible to delete (and therefore DMCA compliant)

On one hand I fucking hate censorship, but on the other..... I'll mostly be censoring fascist illegal-to-share/derive-from information.... so fuck them anyways :-P. GET OFF MY STREAM (or pay me via ad revenue sucka).