suvival, peace, and friendship
in that order
the survival, peace, and friendship school

survival is the first and foremost which is why self defense killings are allowed
after survival is achieved, peace is striven for. peace does not require friendship. peace requires that those in disagreement can agree to leave each other the fuck alone. live your own lives. shut the fuck up

real equality is striven for by means of harnessing technology


but we will not know friendship until every voice is heard and understood
we will have friends, but there is more. we all have brains and can be programmed to think the same way. the RIGHT way. there is still such a thing as creative thought but a lot of unarguable logic is understood wrong (therefore, not understood)

good and bad (presented to them via an unlimited stream of input audio/video/text documents) can always be determined by the vast majority

the entire general public cannot be murdered or bought off in order to sway a verdict. with 12 jury members, this is easily the case.


once 99% or something relatively high is achieved and a threshold of, say 5000 (but growing with the total_member_count), we can consider it implied that the votee has won. it can change at a moment's notice, however... once it drops below a certain threshold. the threshold is moved so that you do a manageable amount of voting. haha subjective word. the word manageable needs to now have a vote definition. man my fucking brain hurts. i should just do a dictatorship with easy-branches (for them) and each-accept-commits(merges) (for me) and call it that. the easy-branch is still hosted by me, but none of it's code is run where mine is, unless i copy/paste it (easy-patch-commit-merge) into my dictatorship branch. i think it's the only way possible. once i make one other person dictator, they now have the power to make me no longer a dictator. however, if everyone has power, everyone remains having power. it's just that coding that is a fuck ton harder than coding a dictator ME-ONLY version of the code. dht + verified block chain of data