I'm now in the Sequoia forest, but I spent roughly a week in Bakersfield before coming up here. I've never socialized as much and with such low stress levels, as I did in Bakersfield. The reason is simple: METHAMPHETAMINE. Don't worry, yours truly hasn't become a tweaker (although maybe I should, I'd probably be 1000% more productive with my code (but I also might prematurely optimize myself into oblivion, heh)); the people I socialize WITH are the tweakers. They're just relaxed and chill as fuck; as long as you aren't a narc and aren't judging them, they don't give a fuck about [pretty much] ANYTHING you do or say. And yea, you say tweakers aren't trustworthy/etc... I completely agree, but I feel no less safe with a tweaker than I do with ANYBODY else. A cop, a politician, a prep, a goth, who-the-fuck-ever.... I don't trust anyone so it makes very little difference.

Bakersfield is crawling with tweakers, moreso than Ventura. There's just a chill and accepted attitude of drugs. One might say drugs have won there (for now?). I see a lot of homeless+on-drugs+dgaf people around my age (and they're usually white -- I hear Bakersfield is quite racist.... good thing I'm white). I fit right the fuck in. s/Meth/Weed. I've honestly had a handful of conversations with tweakers that I genuinely enjoyed. Of course we relate well with the whole conspiracy shit: I always CONFIRM their fears for them, telling them I'm a programmer and letting that imply that I'm qualified to make such confirmations (I could code the illuminati).

There's never a dull moment while conversing with a tweaker. Meth just make you fucking blab and blab and blab nonstop and it's really just whatever. Nobody gives a fuck about what they're saying or what you're saying, it's just whatever. You can rant and they can rant and neither one of you cares, but you still listen to each other for fun I guess.

I don't fit in with "normal" society, this is old news. I fit in well amongst straight up druggy bums (heroin addicts probably too, but those are harder to spot). "Judge not lest you be judged" (Lynch). I don't give a fuck what drugs they do as long as they aren't hurting anyone to get high.

This is a recurring thought and I'm not sure if I've written it down before: damnit I forgot it xD, fuckin colon prefix sentence made me forget xD

Oh I remember, it's about conformity:
I once said that the only way to escape conformity is to start and retire from your own [passive income] business/investments. Perhaps another way to escape conformity is to be a straight up motherfucking bum.
So that makes 3 ways to escape conformity/the-system/etc:
a) be born into money ("old money")
b) earn enough to retire before your body gives out (60 year olds, I'm looking at you). ("new money")
c) be a fucking bum ("no money")

^The recurring theme in those 3 is that money is used to control people (I wrote this sentence before inserting "new money" and "no money"). The bums escape it by not having [much] money. The other 2 escape it by having enough that nobody can use "their desire to earn it" to control them. Fuck the United States of America; Fuck Humanity on Earth in 2017. Fuck YOU (and me, since I can't solve the problem). I feel the urge to tell you that I'm not even in a bad mood as I write this; it's old news so I was already pissed off about it a long time ago, and actually I'm in quite a good mood (the main subject of this document, socializing with tweakers in bakersfield, obviously (had:probably) contributes to that good mood).