0) Molly/Lauren
1) Dad car caydon
2) "Free" food -> store -> buffet


0) Pretty trippy dream in general even though I barely remember it. Was wearing video hat shiz like I want/need to be doing and it took place oin some non-ground-floor hotel rooms, some of which had shared doors/walls. Idk just like walking around "our" rooms in and out of the rooms via the halls and shared doors. "Us" being a relatively large group of people who knew each other, maybe 30-100. I only remember my aunt Becka and Molly/Lauren (from elementary school) in one of the rooms that was probably the most crowded rooms. What was going on in the other rooms is a blur/forgotten. Becka and them were sitting around a table I think and I was kind of shy with my hat video shiz on (because I didn't have it on for long enough to get over the shy'ness period), so all I said was a general "hi" to the room, mainly to my aunt but also to Molly/Lauren, then continued my fast-paced walk around the hallways/rooms. There was some transition or some of the dream was partially awake and/or involved time travel. I was in a position to see an accident wherein a kid got killed. Either run over by a car or a train, I forget. I don't remember much else, but that death was a pretty big deal (and rightly so).


1) Can't remember the specifics but I think I called my dad out ("how about NOT taking your anger out on your family?" etc), and no monster likes being told they're a monster, so while atop the bottom half of our cali house driveway he reversed it back down flooring it and we were somehow flung straight up into the air rather than down into the ravine (where someone actually died in a manner similar to this dream). Caydon was with us and I told  him to lean forward as far as he could. Somehow we were going to land on our "backs" and leaning forward would slightly increase our chances of surviving. My dad of course was doing the opposite, leaning back in his chair as hard/far as he could. We landed and crawled out and all 3 of us survived. Some guy doing construction on the cali house asked if we were alright and i said "no he's trying to kill us!", and I think just his prsence in general was a blocker for my dad.


2) There was some "free" fast food restaurant where you eat and then have to work there to pay for it, like that was the common way [poor] people dined there. It's kinda blurry but I remember it being extremely gross. Unsanitary etc. The whole place just made me naseaueuaus (!sp) and I didn't eat anything. I instead remarked to some guy that I came there with that I'm going to <insert-store-nearby-my-parents-house> to get some food, and even just my mental image of that store seemed so much cleaner/sanitary. Later Kelsi/Kaylee/I, and perhaps some others I forget, went to some random cheap ass buffet that accepted food stamps. It was a fictional buffet. I paid for everyone's meal using the stamps, figured I'd have to eat more efficiently for the rest of the month to make up for it, but since I already do eat pretty efficiently it's no biggy.