0) Disneyland train whale
1) Gold fire fight
2) Lucid ASU
3) India/etc tent moon false awake chair


0) Was at or near disneyland and my family and I were riding a train around that general area (I guess like monorail). I envisioned a piece of software that a train worker (myself hypothetically) could use in order to optimially use his time: so if a gruest or group of guests  get off the train and leave their luggage with you, the software could tell you when to go in and grab it and chuck it off the train since you're now passing their hotel/room/etc. Bleh it's not that great of an idea. Later we had gotten off the train and I went down some sorta zig zagging stairs down to a dock and a beach (but on both sides of this one-lot beach were multi-storied beach houses). I was [also] following a fishing line that had been attached to the ground at many locations, also in a zig zagging fashion. Their was a huge whale caught on the hook, and it was pulling all of the ground-attachments out as it swam away, quite calmly/slowly tbh (a regular fishing hook/line on  a larger-than-shamu-but-smaller-than-blue whale). I somehow took this is a sign of danger, I think somehow my family up those stairs was ultimately on the other end of that line or something. I quickly bust out my 'minimalist' knife (that I found out here in the desert :-P) and cut the line.


1) This did seem like an extension of (0), but much later. We were parked I think at cali house and some random car came up behind us. I was getting out of the car and heading for the house but my parents were still in the car. The backseat to the car was still open and the people in the random car saw a large gold piece (coin? much bigger than a normal coin that's for sure). The thing was at least 1ft in diameter, psbly 2+. They started shooting at the car almost immediately and I think one of the bullets grazed/hit me but I didn't go down from it or anything, I jumped off to the side out of the line of fire. I yelled at my parents to throw out the gold piece back behind their [parked] car and toward the shooter's. They did, and the shooter then walked up to it, picked it up, and started walking back to his car. Before he reached it, my dad opened fire from the driver seat door which he'd just opened and got the guy multiple times in the back. He fell there next to his door and his gun lay on the ground. His friend (in the passenger seat) ran up to his body and grabbed his gun and started reloading. I knew he'd want blood now so I felt I had no choice but to finish what my dad started (well, kept alive): I ran up behind the guy who was crouching/kneeling reloading and put my right arm around his neck and prepared to give that fucker a fatal twist->snap. I wondered if I had the strength to pull it off, but at the very least I'd slow down his reloading. Dream ended with my arm around his neck, just before I started to put all my strength into snapping his neck.


2) Was walking around ASU campus and I saw a girl from high school and stared at her butt. A few seconds after she'd walked by, I realized it was a dream and then I remained calm (that's key) and took over the dream. I decided to see what I would be like in a better/more-ultimate form. I expected to see myself out in the desert playing music in wasdf, but instead the lucid dream showed me myself in the first person ( am myself, after all). I started flying up and then horizontally. The view of the earth (trees and mountains mostly) was beautiful. A song played as I calmly floated faster and faster horizontally: it was "Nothing's gonna change my love for you..." (Tellier), or maybe it was "daydream, I dream of you amid the flowers" (I MONSTER), but either way I thought it was Tellier as it happened.


3) Was in India or some nameless/unknown 3rd wold country idfk. I ventured out of the city my airplane landed in almost immediately, some kid was my tour guide thingo. I wondered if I brought enough water/food and considered how it'd be my death if I didn't. We got a little ways out and then stopped to camp since it was night. The kid was out of the dream now (idk). I set up my tent out there and it was the same one I'm using IRL :-). I opened the front door's screen to look at the sky, then opened the front door itself to look at my surroundings. I saw the moon "set" over some trees way off in the distance (some moonlight came through between the leaves), it was an extremely fast moonset. Within 1-2 seconds it was fully visible then invisible. It seemed darker/scarier now and just over the smell ledge/cliff that my tent was next to I saw random small lights down on the ground. No idea what they were, but they were like fireflies in size. Got a little freaked out and went back in my tent and zipped it all the way up. That dream [sorta] ended and now everything was pitch black. I was sitting on a chair. I couldn't figure out where I was (where would I be sleepin in a chair, I wondered), and for fun I tried to think about it and figure it out before opening my eyes. After 5-10 seconds with no luck, I opened them. Idk where/what I saw but I realized I was still dreaming but then I woke up for real.