0) Kaylee amusement park car crash
1) Grandpa
2) Java porn
3) Hands stuck
4) Surfing movies -> games
5) Giovanna


0) In the garage at cali house, pulling out to go to an amusement park with a 6 in it, with Kaylee and Kelsi and their respective kids. Kaylee was driving. Instead of going reverse, she went forwards and through the wall. I was in the passenger seat and may have then grabbed the parking break, idk but we did stop before going over the hill side. Somehow I knew it wasn't her fault and didn't hold it against her.


1) Arby spent the night at my campsite a few days back. The night he did, I had a dream that our grandpa died. I was told through a phone call. Either my mom called me and told me or my mom was standing next to me and answered the phone, then told me. That sinking feeling. Relieved it was a dream, but at the same time blah it's inevitable as fuck and I lack the persuasion skillz necessary to get him to freeze himself. I wanted to tell Arby, but that would have ruined our time together.


2) An old colleague, who's a bit chubby, was hooking up with some guy and making a bit of porn here and there at the same time. Due to a bug her in her Java phone, a few seconds of her sucking dick were sent to me via a social networking site. I do recall rewinding and pausing the video at the best frame and being aroused by it in general. I interpreted it as an invitation to come over for a hookup.I did, and I somehow got inside without her knowing and walked up behind her and him as they fucked around on the couch. I walked up behind the couch and accidentally cast a shadow on the wall in front of them. He asked what it was, and she responded saying it was one of her dogs. I crouched just behind the couch as/until they finished. He stood up then was walking towards probably the bathroom and he would clearly have seen me so I jumped up and bolted for the door, hoping she didn't see my face and that would be the end of it. I didn't expect him to, but the guy said "get him!" and chased after me. After a short chase through their kitchen, it ended with a fork in my chest and me saying "oww".


3) Really not sure if this was a dream or if I was awake. I thought I was on my back but I may have been on my stomach. I was trying to bring my hands in front of my face but they just weren't responding! It was frustrating and even a little bit scary. I do often sleep on my stomach with my hands under my chest/breasts, which tends to 'put them to sleep' and I wake up with them numb as fuck. Still, I thought I was on my back so idfk.


4) Was surfing with  the 2nd cousin. It was fun and she was way better than me at it. She could surf on one of those small kickboards that swimmers use to strengthen their legs. Towards the end of the dream, she surfed/paddled OVER a giant wave that was also a wall of movies. For a second I wondered where she went, but then I too went over/through the wall of movies and saw her again analyzing a wall of vidya games. She asked me about Halo 2, and my thoughts/response were thorough on the subject but pretty much boiled down to: If you like Halo 1 a lot, don't play it because it will ruin Halo for you. But if you are only a casual halo player, then sure Halo 2 is more Halo.


5) Was dogsitting and staying at Giovanna's house and when she came back from wherever she sat down on the couch next to me and I hit on her like I normally do (kind of a running joke, but not a joke ;oP). She lay her head on my shoulder all cuddly like and I think it was implied that we hooked up.