0) This and (1) happened night before last. Was in the back alley of some place/restaurant, or maybe it was just a dark front street. Facing away from that restaurant, I looked to my right and there I saw a relative close to my age. She saw me see her and idk much more than that but then I turned to the left and looked down the street that way. I saw 2 people in a car, one was dead. The live one had a creepy as fuck facial expression, and they sort of pulled the body up from the driver(? maybe we were in europe) seat side and let their head/torso be exposed to me for a few seconds then tucked the corpse back down. The corpse of course had a completely neutral facial expression that wasn't too out of the ordinary at all. The alive person seemed to have done this on purpose,(it wasn't an accident that I saw the corpse) idk why.  There might have been a 3rd thing I saw down the street, but I can't remember what it was. Maybe the corpose thing was the 3rd thing and I'm missing a 2nd, whatever. I started to get the creep right about now, but I forgot to mention something (I don't remember the timing of it). I was able to see that relative on a video screen. She then covered the view of herself using I think another video camera of all things (my view could then see that camera's viewfinder (flip out kind), but I could no longer see her at all. So anyways I got the creeps and ran away and went right past my relative wo was sitting on the couch that I forgot to mention... and was of course fapping (I guessed that from the whole camera thing). As I ran by, I wondered if my super sexy alpha male running skills were doing anything for her (since she was in the middle of fappan). As I wondered this, I began to glide as I ran. It was like in dreams where you CAN'T run, except this dream I didn't hae to run. I glided (glid?) just about the ground at my regular sprinting speed, but my legs no longer ran [very fast?]. I went around a corner both to get the fuck out of the creepy shit and because I knew she'd want her privacy. Later, maybe minutes or maybe the next day, I was talking to her and she was rambling about how she thinks she's pregnant. I think she said she was lactating and had "missed a day" (isn't that low? isn't the phrase "missed a month"? maybe she said month but I dunno). While she was all freaking out like that I threw in the joke, "is it mine?", and yea that pissed her off and I guess she didn't want anything to do with me from then on. But in a weird way it seemed like she was breaking up iwth me, as if we had or were about to start a relationship but that pissed her off too much so nope. I tried to reverse her breakage, and she cut me off saying she didn't want to hear me say I'd promise to change etc. I said I didn't need to change, that I could simply toggle my fucked up sense of humor and that I didn't need it and I'd rather be with her than have it. Idk whether or not that worked, the dream ended right about here. It's obvious why I'm censoring who it is, but I will say it's not "her".


1) Fukken chillen with Matt at the beach and he asks me if I want some food, I don't answer and off to the store he goes. He comes back and then a bit later I slip off to that same store. It was some weird local store with a silly name that mostly sold fish/etc. I asked an employee if they accepted EBT and he said they did, then I went down an entire row of shrimp/lobster (crustacians?) and ended up buying some rack of brownies and some other bullshit.


2) Some girl, I think maybe the same girl from high school in that lucid ASU dream (I don't remember her name, but if I asked around I could find it out), and a few other girls, were at my grandma T's house and we were in their bedroom watching TV. I gave her the eyes and then she went out of the room a lot of people were in, I followed maybe 10 seconds later, then we fucked in my grandma's laundry room. My aunt becka walked in on us (LUCKILY AFTER I WAS "done") and said something along the lines of "you have a boyfriend!" to her, which was a surprise to me but I didn't really care too much. Later I drove or got driven down the street a ways and let off at some bar/club where there  was a huge line to get in. I was simply walking alongside that line and I think going back to my gmas house. Some black people called me a nigger and then as I moved forward in that line so did some [white] cowboy dressed dudes. It was confusing.