The design still sucks because I could still lose an entire days worth of work if the drive I am working on fails before I am able to commit (TODOreq: raid 0/or-something that one?). This is a bootstrap backup solution so I'll just have to deal with it.


OT'ish but was thinking about it when I thought of the above: I could have like 10 drives in the devbox and the app could round robin the mounting/git-push'ing/etc among them. We just need to have like a minimum of 3 or so you know? Hell even that raid 0 thing should maybe have 3 total copies?? So like 3 SSDs that are in RAID 0 mode and have OS and the auto-unfolded "working area". Then like 10 HDDs that are round robin pushed to before shutting down or whatever at the end of the day. That's pretty damn safe shit, I should do it! I am so fucking paranoid. AND OF COURSE ON TOP OF ALL THAT (that was just my 1 devbox machine and talking about internal drives), have like fucking tons of externals that are scattered around the world (the locations of which should be committed only to memory (unless utilizing another human aka "trust", then those ones are trusted less in general obviously (and perhaps scanned more frequently so as to detect a friend who has attempted to corrupt your data?))). I think I'm going to do the pornbox idea and try to be at least relatively child friendly (kaylee friendly and child friendly are ultimately one in the same (not REALLY, but they are soooo close that it basically is)). I should call it shamebox from now on.... that's what it really is hahahahahahaha. Fuck shame I never said I had a perfect solution to it anyways. Paranoia of jacked is the only thing launching solves. I still do wonder if I will regret allowing it to exist! But I can decide to do anything I want with it at any point in time! I can, on a whim, shred it [physically]! I can, on a whim, publish it (merge with regular shit). I am creating a window of family friendly steven because I know I'll have more influence that way, I think my chances with Kaylee increase tremendously, and blah blah blah there are probably other reasons too. Perhaps shame itself (if denial also I guess (but I can't think of anything (isn't that how denial would work?))) is the real reason!? In a sense yes definitely, though I do think if I had no intention of being child friendly that I could in fact publish it along with the rest RIGHT AWAY. Free Will allows me to say no. Tuck it away and save it for a rainy day. Decide later. That later decision depends on shit that can't/won't happen until after the launch! See why I came to this conclusion?