wif
As soon as I even get a wif of coffee in the morning, I start prairie dogging. It's something I learned early on in cabover camper life: NEVER drink coffee until you know where you're going to take a shit. Taking a full standing shit into an empty potato chip bag in my camper was an experience I'll someday tell my grandchildren about.


damned if do...
Taking the 5th amendement: damned if you do, damned if you don't.
Take the 5th: cops will SELECTIVELY enforce those rarely enforced laws, such as "oversized vehicles" (7 ft tall max, wtf?). Supposedly laws that enable selective enforcement are themselves unconstitutional, but in my experience nobody in law enforcement really gives a flying fuck about the US constitution. Not the feds, and especially not the state/county/city. I got a ticket for an "oversized vehicle" when I took the 5th once.
Don't take the 5th: I accidentally lied to a law enforcement officer! Lying to them is a HUUUGE deal and can ruin your fucking life. I was in all honesty in a state of panic. The way they swarmed my car in the dead of night was downright scary: they waited far too long before flashing their red/blue lights to indicate they were cops. I was MILLISECONDS away from jamming my key into the ignition and driving away recklessly. They literally set my fight or flight response off. I think they left their red/blue lights disabled until last minute ON PURPOSE, those video game playing motherfuckers. They wanted to chase and kill me for the thrill of it. It was in this state of panic that I did NOT plead the 5th (because of that selective enforcement shit just previously mentioned) and accidentally lied to them. Lying to them got me put into handcuffs and placed into the backseat of their car while they searched mine. Can't even say I blame them, I'd be pissed if someone lied to me too. It was a genuine accident though: being in a state of panic makes it difficult to think. I humanized myself with them though; I apologized for lying to them and starting SINGING LIKE A FUCKING BIRD telling them MY LIFE STORY and all that bullshit because I knew they could take me to jail/prison for a really long time just for lying to them. It worked (my fear was genuine at that point, after all, and they could tell), and since they didn't find anything illegal in the car they cut me loose.
I'm leaning towards selling this cabover camper now, because since it's "oversized" in many cities I am not able to take the 5th without selective enforcement shitting all over my day. Damned if I do, damned if I don't. As we speak I have the camper for sale... but I'm actually getting cold feet and considering keeping it. The town I went to just for the purpose of hanging out WHILE SELLING the camper... is a chill as fuck town with lots of friendly people and good weather... and does NOT have a law against oversized vehicles!!! It's not a beach city, those ones almost always have that selectively-enforced/unconstitutional (fuck Officer Bridges of the Ventura PD) "oversized vehicles" ordinance. This might be the town I've been looking for since coming to CA from AZ about a year ago... and I'm purposefully not naming it because then yall mothafuckas might flock here... and that's one of the many things that make it good: a distinct lack of motherfuckers (I feel like the scariest guy in town, and I feel bad about it and am even considering changing my image to compensate. while I think "perception is everything" is stupid and childish.... that's the world we live in. "THE GAME IS THE GAME, so PLAY THE FUCKING GAME" I keep telling myself. hell even a small group of slightly-sketchy looking people around my age.... were scared of me xD. even the minority groups are scared of me! meh I'm totally off-topic now).