My outlook towards shame is aggressively negative: fuck shame.


Escape
Was at the Gilbert Riparian with David and Arby and we were talking about I think the Hashishin (or at least I was thinking about them while they were talking about similar). Hashishin were kept in "paradise" garden and drugged and given women galore. They were assassins occassionally sent on missions by the king, told if they died they'd come back to that paradise garden either way. They had no no idea there was a world outside (or maybe just had no desire to live out there), and supposedly "they enjoyed their work". Well anyways, eh it got me thinking about The Truman Show. But this is where it gets complicated/deep/nested: what if the ESCAPE is itself the "entertainment" for the viewers? What if there are 2+ (2 minimum, no maximum) levels of "Truman Show Jail", and the 1st level is expected to be escaped from. "Hmm I wonder how they will escape this time??". So I'm saying it's PLAUSIBLE (but not probable) that my very life is a fucking TV show for aleenz (or Donald Trump or the illuminati) and they are EXPECTING me to "escape" and/or "fix this fucking broken ass country" because the act of ESCAPING/fixing is waaaay the fuck more entertaining than watching someone dick around with their life. It's unknowable whether or not this is true, at least currently.


Massage <--> Bath
A while ago I wrote "the rate at which I bath is inversely proportional to how thoroughly I wipe my ass". It was true then, but no longer! I signed up for a gym pass and as one of the perks, they have a massage "bed" thing, one that's way better than your average vibrating chairs/beds: this thing is like a water bed with a jet stream that shoot pretty damn hard into your body (but you stay dry, just like a water bed). So now I'm developing an ASSOCIATION between bathing and that massage bed thingy. Needless to say, I've been squeaky fukken clean lately (although not the past week or so, that gym doesn't have a location in the city I'm currently staying at :-/).