i'm a bit worried about the security model of abc
receiving coins is no problem
ad publishers will give me money. i give them an address from my stocked up address and then bam they pay me and i don't have any risk associated

but how do i pay the website owners????????
i refuse to put my trust in a datacenter
sysadmins are human.
how do the current bitcoin laundery systems exist?

i could understand if the laundery machines only existed on .onions
but they tend to have .com's too..... WTF??????

that's an IP address.
maybe they're on foreign soil?
maybe only the server is?
TRUST_SYSADMINS
nope.
they must live somewhere else i guess?
have physical access to bandwidth?
idfk.




ok maybe.....
net-facing/untrusted/btc-receive-address-preloaded-periodically DATACENTER server
regular + .onion (for convenience/client-anonymity)

all paid for anon/btc by me. no names attached. hosted outside US of course. domain too.


THEN, for sending payments... it connects to a .onion that i have running AT HOME. this doesn't talk to anyone except that other server. but the net-facing server can't figure out my home IP since the only way i access it is via .onion
it is a website, per se... but i restrict all access except from the net-facing server (by means of keys or maybe IP (maybe not possible with tor.. but keys would be sufficient))

it sends me a message: "SEND PAYMENT TO BLAH"
i do.
all automated of course

man i love my brain
when i started typing this document i wasn't sure there was a solution...
...but this one sounds like it will work. might need to upgrade to a cox business line but WHO GIVES A FUCKING SHIT. $200 is nothing.
i want a business line anyways if you think about it........



i suck at OpenSSL
bitcoin et al (Wt too) all use/prefer OpenSSL
i'm in love with CryptoPP :(
but i do also think OpenSSL is probably higher level than CryptoPP
CryptoPP was to build your own cryptosystem
OpenSSL is like the de facto standard cryptosystem that every browser/os/etc uses...
i just need to learn to fucking USE it.

i really love bitcoin.
idk wtf i'd do if it didn't exist. paypal i guess :(



i REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY hope abc.com isn't taken by the time i am ready to launch.
but as long as i never say it out loud and never type it outside of this computer then it should remain forever unknown to everyone.
it's not THAT great of a domain
but it's good.
catchy
"ABC" is the best part about it
the graphics can be shit
just use "ABC" alphabet references n shit
it can look like a child made it
who cares.
it'll be memorable
perfect.