com/net/org implied

loleth -- low level todo list processing/dispatching
hileth -- high level [...] -- interacts with loleth intimately

squirb -- squid verb. purple and web 2.0'ish, short/memorable yada. "to have your arms/tentacles in many places at once" -- multitasking huge site. d3fault-esq but private dht easier to implement "bootstrap gimmeh teh moneyz" -- all open source perhaps agpl but mb just dpl

osios -- operating system independent operating system (Qt based: application (windows,etc), window manager (linux,etc), and/or operating system (blank,etc -- based on OpenBSD preferably) -- all 3 modes of operation are exactly identical and save state (by default, unless you disable it (i hate when my OS saves my state, but sometimes like when applications do...)))

coptd[d] -- coalition of programmers that do drugs -- the last d makes it ugly :(

bootstraptheplanet

softwarenews (probably taken but definitely worth checking)

project-go-outside (perhaps the non-hyphened version too)

fuckingmachine[s] (probably taken by porn for the third pun meaning: mechanical dildos)

foreverfilesystem (mb with hyphen. foreverfs (also mb with hyphen))

abcdefault (perhaps with the 3 variant as well)

whiletrue (prolly taken, would shit brix if not)

boringandnecessary (boringnecessary -- "the most boring and necessary show ever", or: "the most boring and necessary show ever, again")

concrete-promise.com (sans hyphen as well. basically list of companies promising not to spy on users, etc)

idoladay
anidoladay
(hyphen variants)

canshouldwill

nt-project.org (native toolkit, fork/rewrite-using-boost qt)
or: qeh-project.org (Q from Qt, E from Erik, H from some Euro name that starts with H). pronounced "que" like spanish "what" for lulz

soudclong -- i just like the ring of it, idk what the site would be for

pliffuh

lolgic
philolsophy
failosophy
//all 3 of these are basically the same: a group of philosophers with the ability to toggle from "i don't know anything" ultra strict mode to 'i know i exist and can do such and such and this or that probably is etc etc', and to be able to laugh at yourself and your constant stream of contradictions. To pinpoint and study your contradictions instead of running from them. I am the only member as of right now :-P, but Nick Goulian would be a welcome addition

3xplain.it (or hell maybe just explain.it is open but i doubt it) -- works, whether copyrighted (re:lolgic, see, here's a contradiction right here -- i generally say i should refuse to acknowledge existence of copyrighted shit) or copylefted, explained in an overly verbose manner. analogies/metaphors written plainly, scene by scene "what you should get from this" explainations, wikipedia/crowd-source style

stpheiank[k] -- html title: "connect(&brain, SIGNAL(think(QByteArray)), &brain, SIGNAL(speak(QByteArray)));"
tshpienak[k]


//lihveleyeve

WikiOS (inline editable, shared nothing public dht, etc)

beautifulmath

inforepo, info-repo -- information repository. wiki style (desktop/web dht/central) etc etc, license filters to hide things from view. all non-dpl (and non-gpl (gpl is a mode)) is categorized as "illegal" and contains limited information. title, maybe a summary if that isn't itself illegal. dpl by default. all/any [uncited] information is allowed, every edit remembered, no deletes except cp and copyright infringement (the underlying item for anything copyright infringe-ABLE is (before or after) marked "illegal"). i'm just starting to think it's impossible to censor without having a list of what must be censored. marking ILLEGAL (red) (dpl or whatever mode you select is green) is sufficient and gets the point across. a slider (or set or radios (sameshit)) for licenses, incl of course bsd/cc0. you always see things "more permissive"/compatible-with, but never "more restrictive". (unless you activate "show hidden content (red)" mode (checkbox/bool), in which case everything is shown but color coded to your selection.

queerd / qweird (both) - Home of the homophobe-phobe. It's a word I used on accident once while talking to garrison. Queer and Weird both meant the same thing originally. The description/html-title (home of the ho-) is intentionally wordy, "home" is in it twice, so is "phobe". "I am only afraid of the fear of others" (I don't think that's what that one president meant when he said "there is nothing to fear but fear itself" (I think he meant that paranoia can/does drive you crazy), but it fits!).


mb, just thought up now:
dercom -- deriveable community
derworks -- ditto (neither one of these roll off the tongue)
publicliving
publichacking
puckfrivacy (and/or fuckprivacy if it is open)
umoe (united matter of existence -- probably taken since 4 characters)
overclogic[k]
freeambiguity / freeambiguious -- the domain itself is ambiguious! is it saying that the word free is ambiguious or is it saying that you should set ambiguity free?
[any-letter-of-alphabet]publish (zpublish, etc)
5meow -- mb with a hyphen after 5. lol cats 