95% them, 5% me
for both application sales and advertising revenues
that 5% will add up.

developers will want to use it because of the huge percentage gain over other distributors, plus it's wide range of platforms on a SINGLE codebase (design, reallly ;-) fuck YEA)
open source developers will want to use it because it will be meritocratic lgpl bohemeth
the core + most plugins are LGPL
only one i can think of as maybe making commercial is the market app/plugin
not sure if that's a necessity since if it wasn't then anybody could edit it at will
actually... sure they can
why NOT? (read on)


re:meritocratic
the author of the application is by default the most meritfull
since i made d3fault + it's default plugins + the first market, i have the most merit over anyone else who randomly changes the market's bitcoin payment key
the whole thing is customized/tuned/ready-to-create-for LGPL
the core and every plugin released by me for free. installed by default. you can view the source for everything and even the operating system if in linux.
this idea fucking pwns
i can make so much moooooonnnnneneeeeeyyyyyyy
but i can't lose focus of my real goals
i WILL make so much money
i need to get to work
then again, the competition doesn't have shit
at least i hope not
if they did the stuff they put out wouldn't be such garbage
sometimes i feel as if 1 small ass idea/feature is stolen and put into an entire product
i think my paranoid mind gets the best of me a lot
i doubt anybody is spying on me
or if they are, it doesn't necessarily mean they have anything
my email, documents, truecrypt encrypted, or THIS (fedora aes encrypted/PERMA-OFFLINE).
i definitely feel more secure now than in my entire life
PERMA-OFFLINE is the shit
nobody gives a fuck about me
nobody knows i'm even here

nobodyme might have ruined that.
but i still doubt i'm about to be targetted for having 1337 s0ftw4r3z
targetted/infultrated/owned/jacked

this is where i stand
i guess...
i still want an offsite backup, but where to store it is the issue atm
lol anywhere just move one of your 1tb hard drives and you'll be 100% more safe. i am even comfortable putting this offline-only content in there. in fact i prefer it
i might have it in a container in the container, but that's just paranoia :-P.
i should move old.passwords.kdb into there as well