i bought the slider potentiometers
i bought the arduino mega
i guess i'm actually doing this?

there's some MEDIOCRE at best video glasses on amazon
500 for the only pair i'd settle for


"project go outside"
.com
donate niggas


arduino + raspberry pi + custom "glove" keyboard (<3) + [optional] video glasses + [optional] usb webcam duct taped to head / under chin. goes through raspberry pi and i fullscreen the webcam so i can watch where i'm walking. i can keep a video of "irl" open in the corner of my screen at all times while working on coding etc (for example). walking/coding at the same times

i also want to have a non-visual mode that is completely compatible
but user input with + without video simply doesn't exist
i'm split between aOS (audio OS) and vOS (vibration OS)
both are possible and would be fun to try.

basically the API/custom-os-type-thing would be navigable via my gloves
feedback from teh computer could be given to me in one of three ways:
1) video
2) audio (tts, for example)
3) vibrations. i'd have 1 for every letter of the alphabet littered all over my body. feelsgoodman

i'm retarded and awesome at the same time


my dream/goal/ambition/desire/will is to have a solar powered mobile setup
sleeping bag, tent, water filter, ammo + backup food included
then i wander into the wilderness for days on end
weeks even
i could live there
living out there is so incredibly cheap compared to a house/apt/condo/etc
a lot more work involved too.... but that's besides the point


a car battery
a solar panel to trickle charge it
2x SSDs for archiving everything (occassional syncs or realtime syncs?)
SD card for rPi... i guess for caching if i decide to do occassional syncs)... but just OS + my software if doing realtime syncs
SSDs are pretty low power so i could do either
i still want to keep my audio recording device separate
i will never simultaneously be a) video offline (assuming recording of usb webcam) and b) audio offline
during video syncs i keep audio going... during audio syncs/battery changes i keep video going. gg

for the timeline organizing/uploading later (what, did you really think you were just going to make all this footage for fun? well, yes, actually... if it isn't fun i'm not doing it)
the audio stream is the main synchronizer
as in, video syncs to audio
with exception to the gaps where i'm replacing the audio batteries
coding it will be a bitch.. but definitely possible to auto-sync it all.