there exists the problem of the bitcoin bank server having multple connections
when communicating with the bitcoin network, i will be using tor
when communicating with the front-end, i will be using just an SSL connection

i mean, at least that's where i'm at in my head right now
but i'm kinda wondering if that defeats the purpose
anybody listening to outgoing connections from the webclient can easily identify the bank's IP address

two options:
a) not use tor to connect to bitcoin network and just say idgaf
b) the bitcoind interfacing server ('remote bank') is a tor hidden service (that still is private by requiring authentication)

[b] has the problem of the tor network being notoriously unreliable... can i programmatically/EASILY do 'get new ip' in a while loop until the connection works?
.........AND, when the server propogates events (payments received) _BACK_TO_THE_CLIENT_ (webserver/front-end), the tor connection might be dead by then
i guess that problem exists with or without tor... and my caching/sending-on-connect (and the client/webserver tries to ALWAYS maintain a connection) of all the missed messages (which i think i'm going to do EITHER WAY) would i guess work...


the connection would have yet another layer of encryption if going through tor... which is fine by me


tor[QtSSL(message)]



obviously, if i decide i want to keep this specific project private/anon,... then going through tor from webclient is a given.
...but if i do decide that, then i do NOT want to host the bitcoin server in my house
i'd host it on a server i bought via tor/bitcoin while on a cracked wifi
still good to keep webclient/bitcoinservers separate... webclient will be paid for in same way (not associated though) except it will have a public ip
the bitcoin server would have the risk of being hacked/fucked-with by network admins... but again, as long as i keep a relatively large cache of offline keys and take my percent hourly.. the damage TO MYSELF ONLY could be minimal


hosting in a 'trusted'/reputable server farm would be best for the bitcoin server. i mean both would be optimal but at the very least something like leaseweb should be used for the bitcoin server. they'd shit a brick if they found out an admin tampered with a client
but i doubt leaseweb allows anon

that doesn't mean i can't use a fake identity though


it all depends what i want to do