i want to be 100% truthful
i want to do stuff behind the scenes (bluebox comes to mind)

this is a contradiction


maybe i can abstract bluebox enough to be in the legal clear

however, not every behind the scenes project can be accomplished in that manner
and are by definition no longer behind the scenes


maybe i just go MOSTLY public??
keep 10% or so private/hidden/etc?
and control it with my feet?

would be a fucking pain in the ass
but definitely doable


and i'd no longer have 'ecstacy'

i'd have something for adversaries to extract
i'd have something for PIs to... I
etc

a weight on my conscience too

but simultaneously, IT JUST SOUNDS DAMN FUN [to do behind the scenes projects]

i'm glad i don't have to solve this problem RIGHT THIS VERY FUCKING MOMENT

but i do have to solve it relatively soon
fml.


overwhelming fear
i suppose
is my worst fear (lol wut?)

so i'm already afraid
of being afraid
lmfao

but i guess it's worth noting that the fear would be intensified (maybe)

but could i overcome it? will i overcome it? will it even be there in the first place?


it's already here
and accepting it, as well as all of it (assassination), is the only way to live comfortably
just accept it i guess


or run from it. (the purpose of this document... trying to figure out which to do)

hide from it
like a coward
be nameless
die nameless

die with shame
die with paranoia

bah

all this from bluebox?

yes bluebox isn't my only behind the scenes project

but for the sake of argument, let's say that it is

would the shame/paranoia from bluebox eat me up?
well, there's no shame in it (gonna need another topic for that ;-)).. but paranoia definitely factors in

what was the question?

paranoia from bluebox
accept or run

that makes no sense
because only in the run would i even be making it

are the consequences from running away from paranoia

wait no i got it all wrong

bluebox TRIGGERS the paranoia

man what the fuck am i talking about anymore?
"doing bluebox behind the scenes makes me paranoid. am i ok with the paranoia? is it worth it?"

bluebox is a terrible example because i don't think it would make me THAT paranoid
or maybe i'm just under-estimating it
or maybe i just know that others would be far worse

fuck it
fuck this shit
fuck paranoia
behind the scenes sounds fun yes
but it adds complications to your brain
you need to simplify
telling the truth is the best way to simplify
by simplifying you will be able to get further in thought, especially while tripping
and especially while tripping live and trying to spout
verbatim

i couldn't do that with bluebox
"what if while i'm tripping i accidentally say something about bluebox?"
it isn't worth it
purity from simplicity is worth it
i can't set up mental barriers like that
i mean, i CAN
but i don't want to

i want no barriers.
that's the point.
everything is on the table.
everything should be on the table.
while tripping ESPECIALLY

a state of pure idgaf
man it sounds like utter bliss
fuck ignorance
truth and apathy is bliss
i mean, only apathy for certain things
not apathetic, for example, about being apathetic
have to in fact try very hard for that
and of course i also care about life as a whole
the earth etc~
`existence`

but can't care about hiding things
can't put up a mental barrier for each and every behind the scenes project
it isn't worth it
you can and will go far into your own brain

and you want to
i want to
i will

it is decided. YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO OVERRULE THIS YOU FUCKING PUSSY ASS BITCH.
Content: CC-BY-SA
Code: LGPL

exception: ABC at first, until launch = private/proprietary
fuck what about Rpc Generator? i think it's a good business model having it GPL

but it's also a DECENT business model having it LGPL + Commercial + Ad-based-community (the only place there AREN'T ads is the mailing lists. nobody would put up with that)

god damnit stop being a bitch
and making exceptions
srsly yea

you will be rich
just from your own ad revenue alone

which is why you need to make an ad agency
google would censor you (and therefore make you broke)
the fuckers
god just thinking about that fact makes me want to put a bullet in every Google employee's head. fuck.

ABC should be enough to move out on
that's all i'm hoping for