perhaps it will help me live a fuller life if i am aware that at any moment i
will be assassinated. perhaps i will throw my balls to the wall much easier
after recognizing it.

don't be afraid.

you talk about how suicide makes you comfortable

so just accept the inevitable: you're going to be assassinated
murdered
whatever you want to call it


but still, don't linger on it
don't WILL it

forget about it
don't let it hold you down
don't let it hold you back

it's a sprint
a sprint to my own death
i could walk slowly
but i enjoy running.

get more accomplished
live a fuller live
it's a mental state

that lasts temporarily no matter what

would you rather that temporary state be filled with adrenaline-filled moments?
or dull / calm ones?


adrenaline being actual adrenaline

plus drugs <3


there are no rules
don't try to be perfect
be yourself
break only rules you think are dumb
break the ones that are dumb and that you'll be punished for... secretly...

meh

secrets suck
but prison sucks worse

that's all there is to it

i will not murder
i will not rape
i will not steal

i will get high
i will

... that's pretty much it

i don't plan on breaking any other laws

so i mean just get a 'medicine' lingo amongst friends
pay them well to supply you

teach them to bitcoin

but never do it yourself

can't anyways....
recorded 24/7 etc


teach them to make a new 'client' (identity) at silk road


and to stick with only 1 (or a couple) reliable seller(s)

new IP, new bitcoin 'identity' (chain backtracking), new drop location (house,
whatever)

teach them and then pay them
brian scheen is coherent enough to be instructed
as are plenty of other friends

then he hands me a bag of 'vitamins'
or places them in my house?

perhaps he has a key to a room in my house that he cant' get in any further?

and there is a camera in there too
and when i go in, i am ensured that the door that he comes in cannot open
(digital locks controlling)

he could even come over and chill with me later and enjoy the vitamins with me

it would be so easy

just use lingo

and that drop method


i'd still need to communicate with him anonymously

like...

...help him set up a public encryption key method to receive communication
and wink at him over and over and over

so since he just happens to go in some room for the drop (his drop, not the
silk road's drop), i can't be connected?

or yes i can because i'd be on cam as i go in to pick it up
so he COULD sting me
fml.

maybe a tor-controlled robot goes in and inspects the contents first
makes sure it isn't a sting or fake drugs or poison hypothetically (though i
doubt i could pull off the poison checker robot lol... still definitely
possible)

so... my drop is actually a drop also?

like a house that i own?

idfk wtf i'm talking about


MAYBE

ok this is good:
and doesn't even require a friend :-D

the same room inner/outer lock scheme

but a tor-controlled robot that picks up the dropped package
and usps mails it

how to get the mail in the mailman's hand is difficult... but definitely
possible

maybe i schedule a pickup, they ring the doorbel
i tor-remote-camera inspect that it is in fact a usps guy..
..then press a button and the package comes out of the door

i'm not sure if he could legally accept the package

and fucking asshole politicians would probably immediately make that method of
handing off illegal claiming 'terrorist shit'

bastards.

if only there was a better way

perhaps if it was attached to a large business building
and we gave him a special key-code
so he feels special

this would require integration with usps
so wouldn't work

but a way of making it 'official' would be nice...
fake real name might work?
but also raise suspicion and verification checks. fml.


and still,
eventually...

dea or whoever could figure it out ('my drop off guy' gets busted, leads them
to house)... they follow usps guy because he's only one in or out in months...
they follow him to wherever...

bam i'm fucked instantly
i could chain these houses but eventually they'd be able to follow all the way
up to me

unless i at some point had a friend pick one up

a friend that does not know the contents of the box

then he takes it to another drop

but they could follow him (with or without his knowledge)
and still find me.

FML.

how fo drop