I will accomplish my mission or I will kill myself.

What is your mission?

My mission is arbitrary. I made it up. It is not divine because I do not believe in divinity. It's just the "most fun" life I can conjur up. The most enjoyable. Achieving personal pleasure/bliss/enjoying-YOUR-life is the only achievement you can ever accomplish. If libre society/software HELPS OTHERS WITH ZERO COST TO YOU, good. Perhaps others can attempt to benefit from your creations in the same way that you have. It is also very likely that your... attemps... will be superseded. If not while you are alive (wewt), definitely after you are dead. Another "instance" of you (not you! (we are collections of memories. sure the "atoms" might be recycled, but that doesn't bring me back from dead)) will spawn and pick up / take over / continue / achieve their definition of bliss.

Since you cannot even begin to attempt to define what their form of bliss may be, you can/should only focus on your own. This applies not only to potentially-superseding instances of yourself, but also every other human being wandering around on this planet. It is pity/guilt that drives us to look after our children. We can't bear the thought of leaving them in the street to starve to death. It is not to our direct benefit to raise them, sacrificing valuable time in our lives. "Passing yourself on" is bullshit. You pass on your genetics, yea... but not yourself. Since there is no shortage of semen/eggs, reproducing is not necessary (wondering if this is just denial/justification of eventual STDs making you unable to reproduce :-P). Living for yourself and enjoying "the now" (always) is the most you can hope for. Kids... are important, clearly. But there is a ridiculously low threshold for the amount of kids necessary to continue the reproduction and population of the human species. Memes do not require reproduction in order to pass on. This is how the overwhelming vast majority of information is passed on. There is surely some information passed on with genetics. We are just now scratching the surface of the kind of information that is encoded in DNA. "Instincts". The most easy to comprehend is "crying so an adult knows you exist so they can take pity on you and feed you to keep you alive". The babies that did not evolve that capability are dead.


Focusing on 
Allowing yourself to shape yourself to how you think others would want you to behave is a waste of time (unless you want their personal approval). Is wanting the personal approval of another a waste of time? Rather, is it a weakness? It is definitely the defining factor of courtship, but is it a weakness...........



.... of what?
Of man?
Of human intellect?
Of strength?
Brains or Bronze?


If you achieve more personal pleasure by having the personal approval of another, isn't it worth it to then sacrifice certain "things you do [impulsively/without-regard-to-the-existence-of-another-human-being(?)]" to try to attain it?


What you are willing to sacrifice [in terms of human relationships]
vs.
What you are willing to sacrifice [in terms of human relationships]


Explained:
1) You must sacrifice certain human relationships in order to be yourself. Some people are just too fucking judgy. Fuck off and die.
2) You must sacrifice certain behaviors in order to gain/maintain certain human relationships. Nobody hangs out with someone they don't like, so why would expect someone you want to hang out with to hang out with you if they didn't like you? IF AND ONLY IF you deem them "worth it", you sacrifice certain behaviors.



Is Kaylee worth sacrificing certain behaviors?