hahahahaha
biggest contradiction ever that is hard to comprehend (hence writing it down)


random contradicts living/free-will




essentially i've had a rough past few days
done a fucking SHIT ton of thinking
realized (again) that THINKING (or even talking) is 10x faster than typing. fuck this typing on this notepad i need to launch

discovered i don't know what i want in life

thought of soooo many scenarios
just sat in the lazyboy thinking staring at the ceiling
thought of extreme good
thought of extreme bad
thought of random occurances here and there
thought of dexter parrallels
etc etc etc
i concluded that i'd get bored of each one
i even concluded that i'd probably get bored of love (though i definitely still seek it)


it is possible i'd even get bored of kaylee. i may only want her because i can't have her



ANYWAYS


i was walking my dog just today (while letting all that brew in my subconscious... trying to THINK of what i want out of life)
(i need to decide what i want so i can decide how to shape myself (like if i should shape myself for kaylee (random tangent: what is the difference between courtship and malipulation?)))

i was walking my dog and i burst into a conclusion: randomness
a random number generator attached to a list of "things i enjoy"
bmx'ing street biking coding drugging (various drugs) etc
i thought of how it is "splitting"
the very best definition of splitting, no doubt

splitting infinite multiverses into soooo many different outcomes
bound to LIVE (as in not die) in at least one of them


i thought of making a graph to demonstrate it
like upwards fireworks-like LINES splitting into sub-lines and falling downwards (the fireworks effect)
each line is a multiverse where a different random outcome is chosen


i thought for sure that was what i wanted out of life



BUT JUST NOW
i realized: that is nothing
that is not utilizing free will
that is not living
i have to DECIDE what i _WANT_
yes, i still don't know what i want
but i do now know one thing: i have to want what i want
err, i want to want something
or something

sooo.... keeeeep thinking

maybe kaylee's what i want?
i still can't figure out if i want the metaphorical kaylee (i want what i can't have, etc etc etc) or if i actually want her her her her her
she is a real person after all


tangent: i think, using my sociopathic spidey sense, that i can win her. i detect subtleties saying that i can win her ultimately. yes, it would require shaping....

....BUT I AM JUST ACTING SPORATICALLY ANYWAYS (AKA NOT LIVING, JUST FLALING ABOUT)



back on track: keep thinking mofo
decide what you really want
you have permission to shape yourself (aka manipulate her) to kaylee
i guess
so long as there isn't malice
you know what i mean?
don't get her down a path she'll regret
etc etc etc




i also realized while passing by another girl while walking my dog while having the "i should be random" thought
that i cannot approach a girl currently
i am incapable
because i am not a person yet
as in, i am not myself
i am currently hiding myself (fuck)
i need to be open
i know that for sure
i cannot hide
re:dexter (which is currently paused lawl): being yourself comfortably is all you can hope for

i can't approach a girl because i feel as though i am manipulating her
"hi my name's steven i am broke and have no job and sit on a computer all day would you like to have sex?"

i can't get passed "hi"
i passed by a really beautiful girl today, and all i said was "hi"
i don't know how to converse past that.
after i am "MYSELF", then i will surely know how...
i hope at least
and am pretty sure
but i won't know until i am



off the subject of women: it relates to the season finale of House M.D.,
he (and even I) defer to logic to make our decisions for me... and as Cameraon says: that isn't living
similarly, deferring to random isn't living either!!!

Though it does solve the "what to do" problem.

^^^^perhaps that is enough. so perhaps, even though this is all RIGHT/true, i should still stick with randomness. fuck it.
the reason being: i can't decide what i want out of life. variety is the spice of life so even though ultimately i'll be doing NOTHING (which seems to be the case NO MATTER _WHAT_ I DO), i will enjoy it.... and that's good enough (riiiiiight??????)



back on the subject of women: i want to be kaylee's gimp, in her basement, submitting to her will. i want to be an "instrument of love" (thought of that statement while watching the sound of music yesterday). she can use me because i am powerful but have no purpose. she'd probably just go for 'world peace' type shit yada yada and so be it. i don't give a fuck.


HOWEVER, while i was just taking a shit a few moments ago i thought: "well if she (kaylee) won't then maybe i'll find someone else i love and trust... like heidi"

but i caught the contradiction: I DON'T FUCKING KNOW HEIDI.

i hope these two women don't mind me using them metaphorically :-P
fuck it

i don't know kaylee either
submitting to either of their wills (because i can't think of my own) is stupid
i don't know kaylee
i don't know heidi

i just want to defer decision-making

i don't know what i want out of life.



therefore, i don't know how to shape myself





i have only been flaling about randomly



i have done and started nothing





all my software projects, yes
they are different though
they don't define the kind of person i am
the message i try to deliver
they are just software
yes, software is it's own form of speaking
but i don't really veer left and right sporatically while thinking of what i want to code
i have a pretty damn good idea of what i want to code.


i just don't have any fucking clue what kind of a person i want to be
except "good"
good because i want to be able to show my face (not for fame, but to dodge paranoia (or something))
and so they will thaw me out and let me continue living
it is all self centered, who gives a fuck
we all are



good, happiness, love
all give you adrenaline
and adrenaline is 'the most powerful drug in the world'
feelsgoodman.jpg
it's true
i want to feel love
i want it to be genuine (hence, kaylee (i have trust issues))
so i want to be good
although i guess i could find a little vixen (hannah mckay in dexter) and we could be in love while being evil
but the, you know, paranoia and want to be thawed out, are more important


blah blah blah blah blah blah blah more thinking is at hand. i hate typing. it is slow. need to SPEAK + RECORD + PAY TO TRANSCRIBE. money isn't an issue in any scenario. i understand money.