Life is the most improbable guarantee. Fancing sentence aside, that might in fact be "infinite multiverse theory" (which is really just infinite lives anyways (so I guess eh they're kinda the same in the end tbh)) instead. It's just that we have anecdotal evidence of life. We still cannot prove it (or much anything), but our senses bombard us with evidence of it existing. Infinite multiverse theory probably cannot be sensed through some evolved... sensor. It is [probably] only deduced and calculated using logic. I think, therefore I am. The parrallel being: I think infinity exists, therefore infinite multiverse theory does too.

I am reminded of the saying: "who dares, wins". It is the nail in the coffin (if only I can retain this bravery I have while typing this out). I need to pursue my goals without fearing death. For if I do not pursue my goals entirely... or should I cower in fear of death instead... I will never achieve my goals. Death will come in either case, that is a sad fact of life.

Throughout our lives death blows by as tumbleweeds do. It is inevitable. Such tumbleweeds can/should easily be sidestepped. THAT IS WILL. THAT IS EVASIVE ACTION. Evasive action, or the preparedness for evasive action, IS PARANOIA.

Death from others (the main fear I'd say) is generally beyond our control. Not necessarily so, but if you 
Oh I forgot what I was saying. The point is/was this: don't worry about others trying to kill you because your ONLY way to combat that (aside from shooting a man charging at with you with a knife etc (so I mean the death you don't even see coming)) is through infinite multiverse theory.



Paranoia is a necessity of life.
Keep your level of paranoia as small as possible but > 0. In this day and age, and me especially, paranoia is > 50%. This is an unhealthy existence/life (sameshit (life = self aware existence)).


React when necessary (sidestep a tumbleweed), but do not spend your entire life digging a hole and putting up barbed-wire fences and creating motion sensing automated machines guns (although, I will admit... all of that sounds kind of fun :-P).

IF IT IS FUN, DO IT. But don't do it out of paranoia. Someone can _ALWAYS_ get passed your security system and kill you dead. There is no such thing as perfect security.

So infinite multiverse theory in effect says: so why practice it?


Testing the 6-shooter dud theory is like stepping in front of tumbleweeds on purpose. LOL WHAT ARE YOU DOING-
Sure a gust of wind might blow the tumbleweed out of it's current course (coarse?), but very likely it will run into your leg.

You can die. You will die. But you must be IN PURSUIT of something when you die (unless it's just of old age lol) in order to... still... be in pursuit of that same thing... in alternate universes.

Do not fear death except minimally so as to not die. ROFL. Such a shit sentence. One could rely on it entirely to barracade themselves in a nuclear bunker ultra paranoid for their entire lives. It is the same sentence I wish to use to liberate myself from most of my paranoia.

React to death if you see it coming. That is all. Do not fear it in any other circumstances. How much "planning ahead" should be done to evade death? THE AMOUNT IS A SLIPPERY SLOPE THAT LEADS YOU INTO UNDERGROUND NUCLEAR BUNKER ULTRA PARANOID AGAIN. Not enough and you walk into traffic and get run over (etc).

This is stupid. I hate this subjectivity. I hate this "probably". I hate this uncertainty. That Wilfred quote was right, the mistake is to think that the uncertainty will end.