bool content = (passion && false);
I am questioning yet again the pursuit of love. Montaigne warns in his chapter "On restraining your will" about being afraid of a thing of beauty. He and Socrates(?) both. I am trying to determine if I am "failing to fight the emotion that has taken hold of me" (them) ... or if "pursing beauty and love because there is nothing else in this world" (me) is more.... 'right'. Defining right is impossibru; our own definition is right. Therefore, if I deem the pursuit of Love/Kaylee a worthy life: it is.


Who the fuck is Montaigne? Who the fuck is Socrates? I enjoy their (his. haven't read any Socrates tbh) writing, but it's easy to identify his occassional flaw -- me being the *agnostic* atheist, he being the devout Christian. He even mentions sexism in saying that women and children are easily tricked/conned/etc (can't remember what chapter this was in. I'm skipping all over the place in the book). He is old and outdated. He had/s time against him. I bet if I lived back then, I'd be religious too. In his chapter "On Solitude" (which I very very much enjoyed, even moreso than restraining will), he says not to invest yourself in your wife and children. I mean... I just... WANT TO... disagree. Family is everything. Love is everything. Ultimately I suppose it depends on your goals (if you have ambition (ironically Montaigne frowns upon ambition)...... or something else more important than your family (yourself in this instance (except he also says Solitude is for the elders who have already accomplished. I like that I meet the rare/priveledged qualification of productive AND isolated)), but I've arbitrated all of existence again and again. There simply is nothing to do.


Enjoy life, enjoy love, create, occupy your mind with tedious pleasures to pass time, embrace art (even though I tend to think art is utterly worthless (it IS compared to.. say... a spoon (tool)), embrace BEAUTY (the very thing Montaigne/Socrates say to avoid with all your might).


I am taking a new route: I am going into isolation DURING my productive years. How much isolation is to be determined (how the fuck am I going to collaborate otherwise (enum input?)?), and I forget the point I was trying to make here. Still, it's funny how a lot of his writings don't make any sense to me when factoring in the internet. He can't comprehend the idea of "output only broadcast". Hell, he'd probably even throw me in with Cicero and say it's all for vanity and fame. Fuck it, he's dead. He can't/won't say shit. Trying to think of what he would say (this also applies to you potential reader in the distant future who is much smarter than me and utilizing some technology that I can't conceive of) about me is pointless and stupid.


I tend to like Cicero. Sure, my only knowledge of him stems from the "Rome" TV Series and what Montaigne has said of him, but I *think* I get the general idea. That's why I like him: he gets the general idea [of the world, not of himself like I was referring to a sentence ago]. Accomplishments are futile. Accomplishments are subjective. By my most rigorous standards of "accomplishments", nobody has done a damn thing. I think solving world hunger *might* qualify, but that's yet to be done. The internet/computers were/are a joint effort, so I wouldn't even know who to attribute it to (or even if it qualifies really). Lowering my standards I can of course allow anyone to qualify: even myself who has as of yet done absolutely nothing. "Do you only understand something if someone else knows you understand it?". I have had mental breakthroughs that I am quite proud of, though they were not even physical actions. I am sitting in a chair in front of a monitor pounding a keyboard, alone in the dark. PUNCH THE KEYS FOR GOD SAKES (-James Bond ;-P).