Had a 1200mg DXM trip that changed my life. Felt like the world reset and I saw the cycle of it all (me now at the beginning). Was able to blink and be in a lucid dream (and/or trippin balls), then open my eyes and be awake.. over and over. Never once threw up (kept gulping and squeezing my throat whenever the feeling came even remotely close), was more pleasurable than 900mg by a longshot.

The entire universe became the 4th season of the wire. Metaphors n such all fit oh so perfectly. The only way "profit" is generated for the whole of society is for the wire to steal it from the drug dealers (analogue: wiretapping ME and yea (but not just me, any "children of those evolved")).

Life is an answer to a question never asked. Life fell into place.

Doing what I say we should be doing does not work from scratch, because then there is no pleasure/pain/etc balance. We HAVE TO come through this variation in order for pleasure/pain/etc to exist, and THEN we must bootstrap from it. We can do better and we must.

There is no such thing as balance, only counter-balance.

Have a blue green turqoise taste in my mouth (even still) and it's enjoyable and food and water taste better than ever.

Almost launched right after I stopped tripping. Felt like I bitched out but I got stuck contemplating both the problem of needing to be on my own so I can be my weird old self (it costing more and me wondering if my ends will be met), in addition to needing to own my copyright and my software being THERE BUT NOT QUITE (definitely not tested enough). I just wanted to up and turn it on and I saw the possibility but every time I went through the "startup" routine in my head I'd get stuck in dependency hell and forget what I'm even thinking about. I _AM_ close, but not completely there. I felt as though I was entering a dangerous world since I bitched out on ALL opportunities (starts of universe). I just lay there in bed thinking instead of choosing. Buying time and the world said I'd be punished if I did that too long (true too).

I determined that the world really is a figment of my imagination with relative certainty (while tripping balls). But if that's true, why do we need to work and all that other bullshit (why can't I will it away). I'll never know if it was delusions of a trip or if maybe there's some other reason I can't will it away (perhaps finite energy even still).

The subconscience is the somewhat-primitive (though still extremely advanced in some ways) system of all of life itself (as in, simulated). It is our the interface our conscience uses to interact with our environment. We do not control it and it has access to every aspect of our environment (is is ALL of our environment, and even though we are a part of our environment, our (ONE!?!? (as in steven only!?!?)) conscience is separate and was created as a sort of crap shoot intentionally to make things interesting and to give us something to do).

Despite previous writings claiming the contrary, I am still afraid of death and probably always will be. Perhaps it is impossible to genuinely overcome the fear of death. Perhaps suicide cases are just deluded up to the point where they pull the trigger (and then they die in those last few moments in regret, but too late and beyond their control).

Got out of bed and went and told my dad I loved him. Felt like I created that variation of the universe because I didn't see it as a path presented to me, but instead as one that I willed. It just felt right and we're now talking differently and better than ever before. I hope it stays up but I still feel like my code/etc is keeping me from fully expressing myself. It makes me somewhat angry (at the world) but also encourages me to speed up and fucking solve this problem.
I didn't record it because I figured who gives a shit, this is more important than that. I did consider recording it but every time I did my train of though would take me back to LAUNCH and then I'd be back in the software dependency hell. Pocket voice recorder -> meh should be held out in front of us -> meh should be uploaded live -> meh need to own the copyright -> meh need to pay for the servers -> meh need to finish advertising softwares -> ALMOST DONE MOTHERFUCKERS WHAT NOW

I don't like that I'm labeled as evil because I do drugs. It makes me feel unloved, and it's difficult to love when you don't feel loved. My government does not love me :(? I must supress the hate that stems up from their own hatred toward me.

I want a fresh start (no decryption key) but I also want to be truthful (decryption key).
I've been ugly and hateful and stupid plenty in the past and want to make a fresh break. I mean I will and am regardless, BUT it's puzzling whether or not I should censor my previous self. I mean sure eventually it'll get (or already is (SUP ILLUMINATI (aka d3fault[indexof(steven)-1]))) revealed anyways, but at least I could have lots of time to make a MUCH better first impression.
Also the consideration of my previous work being a dependency of my being financially sustainable factoring in.

I don't ONLY feel hated by google, but also by my goverment/society as a whole.

I'm now quite certain that most of the reasons I feel hated (and in return, tempted to hate back) are accidental or because of logical cause->effect type shit. Corruption is an effect of free will, hur ima dur. My subconscience (entire fucking universe) creates the scenario knowing corruption will stem up, because it's still the best scenario possible? If that's true, then why do I feel like I can improve this world so much? Maybe because even with infinite time there are still firsts, and I've just yet to will it. Or uhh we're just at that turning point in the repeated universe where I need to change it.

The character I identified with in the trip is Bubbles, rofl. Dirty junky fiend who still has a deep appreciation for life.

Kept hearing the very last jingle of the intro song echoing and fading off into the distant black universe as the like start of the universe or some such.

I'm breating better seeing better tasting better, everything seems better and it does kind of remind me of a 5-MEO trip, but is lasting much longer and I'm sobered up and it's still here. I don't know which of the two is more stronger/apparent, but who cares, they're both hella pleasurable/good.

I've gotta launch soon or else I feel I'll be stuck in a a bad universe. For a little I felt it was already true because I just laid in bed motionless (but deep in thought of course). "What happens if I choose none of the options?". I'm not choosing none of the options, but blah <time time time need moar time>