I've been trying ever so desparately to draw a conclusion (even if just theory/hypothesis) regarding my exploration into the concept of infinity.


Two things I'm trying to merge:
Infinite choreographic movements within a finite space (limbs reach)
and
Free Will (which means not modifying your behavior) means you can modify your behavior)


Somehow and somewhere in the train of thought I stumbled upon this:

infinity/infinity = 1 = ??? (1 life?)


Like, eh... hard to even fucking explain what I mean. It might all mean nothing! 10/infinity is the same as infinity/infinity. A single emergence in infinity is the same as infinite emergences.


Bleh was interrupted in that train of thought by a 15 minute phone call to my grandpa trying to explain to him how to delete an email in Outlook Express. The toolbar "delete" disappeared and he kept clicking the CLOSE WINDOW 'X' -_-. I mean seriously, below my payscale much? Painful but somehow my patience never withers. At least my outward patience. In my mind I rage. I'm starting to feel hostile towards him, or at the very least feel like he's a waste of my time, because he won't freeze himself. A lot of emotion that I can't really understand because I still love him and don't want him to die... yet he's so grumpy about changing his mind on the freezing thing. It appears from my perspective as though he wants to die. I've also never experienced the death of someone close and worry that I'll have a complete mental fucking breakdown. I don't know how I'll react, but I feel that my worrying about how I'll react is also stupid and selfish: HE WILL BE DEAD. None of this is relevant to the above shit.



The "10" in the above division represents somehow the limited space/reach of my limbs. But there's also a completely different consideration where I talked about how there is no such thing as a "balance" of a life because each extreme, including the right smack in the "middle" "balance", all emerge infinite times.


I am more confident in infinite time. Infinite space may be true, but it could also be infinitely empty. Our "bang" (sphere) could be the only part where there is matter/material/etc. HOWEVER, infinite time is all that is required for infinite multiverse theory to hold true. The difference is that there's no splitting. Or perhaps there is, but the concept of it changes ever so slightly. Each time I die, I re-emerge [sometime within infinite time later] in the same circumstance and NOT die.


There is no way to look between "bang" instances to see which one I "made it furthest" in. Right now I am the furthest that I know of. I don't mean I, Steven, I mean I, d3fault/evolution/existence/everything. I'm not making the claim that previous instances haven't made it further, but I am theorizing/hypothesizing that it is probably impossible to measure between "bang" instances which one has gone the furthest. You have to accept the ignornace and embrace what knowledge you have: for all intents and purposes, we are the furthest we have ever been (whether this is ACTUALLY true is irrelevant). That being true, I remain confident that a following "bang" can also get back to this point. Using some "extention/flipside" knowledge that I can't remember the word to use, I am somewhat/relatively confident that previous "bangs" have made it further (or that future bangs will make it further). This is the basis of my infinite multiverse theory. Infinite space is not necessary (and I tbh don't buy the whole "time = space" explaination (nor do I even need to factor it in. it being right does not prove me wrong)) for any of this, so let's focus on the half that we have more confidence in: infinite time.



There is still the issue of "relativity".... where I fear that dying in this "instance" will result in an actual and single and final death. I know it to be true, but the twisted logic of "I will re-emerge" that I am now 100% confident in (because I am 100% confident in infinite time) lessens my fear of it. It is a difficult internal debate. Do I lean forward and allow my gravity to carry momentum as fast as possible into the future, or do I stand idle and as stable as possible with each knee slightly bent and my legs just wider than my shoulders (the optimal baseball hitting stance)? <- Shit's metaphor/analogy btw.

On one hand: this one instance might be it because my conscience does not "live on" to the next "bang instance"
On the other: my same conscience will re-emerge (albeit it will have a different "bang-instance-id" but will otherwise be IDENTICAL) so it does not matter that i do not "live on", because FROM MY PERSPECTIVE (from the perspective of the conscience that emerges again and again) I continue to remain alive?????????????



I am convinced. At the very least, I know that "standing still in a balanced position" _ACCOMPLISHES_ (in terms of sheer/raw/unimportant-yet-blissful experience) absofuckinglutely nothing. START SPRINTING MOTHERFUCKER YOU ARE WASTING SO MUCH TIME (actually in terms of being "indefinite", you have plenty of time... and actually already are sprinting (albeit entirely mentally and with your docs/mind (not software though, I procrastinate that like a mofo))).



Move at a pace which brings you comfort (-Montaigne paraphrased). To sprint is tiring, to idle is waste. A sprint may bring a runners high, and remaining idle may bring rest (a form of comfort). Everything is arbitrary. Everything is made up. Dictate yourself entirely in the moment and do not be afraid to alternate sporatically between sprinting, resting, or jogging "comfortably". I only know one exception to this: remaining in rest forever is a waste.


I do also feel that not ever being in rest means you will [probably] never "stop and see the big picture". It is good to stop and let your thoughts catch up with you from time to time. How frequently is (or can/will be) a subject of great debate, but I only argue that doing it at least sometimes is very much worth it.


So your "balance" range need only lie between: Not staying at rest forever, and, Not staying moving forever. To be at rest is to disconnect/reflect. It is useful in the realm of analysis. I guess if you prefer to be a busy worker bee and NOT question the meaning of life and our entire existence (I don't fall under this category), you don't need to ever be at rest. But if you fall under this category you are likely fighting some sort of denial (or other mental defficiency) and a failure to accept reality (death).




Random and perhaps irrelevant/stupid: Maybe that is why we require sleep? Maybe our bodies/minds require to be at rest periodically in order to (what is it?) catch up? What is catching up? No idea. Surely it isn't purely thoughts, but maybe it actually is (we do trip balls in our dreams after all).