We live in a world where broadcasting yourself, publishing data, etc... is cheap... if you're willing to let companies profit off your data (license grants etc). If you are not, it is expensive. This is an unintentional (though possibly intentional if you're a conspiracy theorist type) side effect of the free market..... AND IS PURE EVIL. It is our dystopia.

This while trying to do the math on my ASAP-launch (which I've been procrastinating like fuck lately GAH) for the server space/bandwidth/etc. I think I can barely make it, if I do low definition video. Fuck it. High definition is not necessary. I do not need to broadcast the high definition streams [yet].



The whole "web server" market is silly. If you can afford it, you get a giant pipe for a very low $/mbps and then sell it to the ordinary joe or even the ASPIRING web server company (who can't afford the barrier to entry of a fat pipe).

The bandwidth is:
a) cheap enough for ordinary joe to afford
b) expensive enough and cheap enough that an aspiring web server company can NOT GO UNDER
c) cheap as fuck for those that can afford a large pipe -- these people also do the least amount of work


But really this applies to more than just bandwidth. Owning vs. Renting (anything) is the same shit. It's stupid that people can just own + rent out "things" and survive (incredibly wealthily to boot) in this world. They contribute NOTHING in my eyes. Middle men. But such is life. I can cry and complain about it or just fucking take a bight of the steak that has presented itself in front of my eyes. I will admit it looks juicy. I just have one of those like conscience things and like feel guilty and stuff and meh.


I don't know if I give a shit anymore. A part of me says "fuck everything just do what pleases you"... and another part says "upset the system and change it and help out the little man and make this world a better place". I _CAN_ do both... but I'm unsure what I want to do.


I am still leaning towards freedom of information activist, however. But I can contradict myself by being a serial entrepreneur "on the side" AS WELL.

Besides, how else would I afford a fat pipe to broadcast my HD streams on :-P?