Oh I guess that means I want to have a rng-seeder hooked up tyo my typing in the autosave
aww shit but then if i release the timestamps of my keystroeks then tehyd' have hte random seed and therefore the random and therefore the key
rofl
not a good ng seed if i want to keep that afccurate of timestamps
i guess how i acrruracte i keep them is the switching point
shit it confused me that i can stare at a switching point like that
what is said switching point?
i haven oi idea after wrtinging even this but i know i can look up and re-read the text surrounding switching point and see both sides of it. i think i will do taht, burbrbrb (oh yea another thing it needs its timestamps of delays? err impled fml again)

[wait comes here ("the" wait of previous paragaraph)]
i feel like a jellyfish switmming bakcwakard through thought with a context point as my question
switching point
now i'm curious as FUCK
i think it was just as simple as d2 + code simplenotepad
btu that was a conclusion hi hadn't even come to hyet
switching point
switching point
...
of accuracy
such that: accuracy received by user is greater th
is able to reduce chaotic'ness of
wait what
werid place to pause
i dcan't get thar recontextual thingo either
or i maybe i oucould
maybe i can d oth both:

chaos:
switching point:

 i can do both
but i am weirdly going backwards in thought righ tnow

...
...
not but
and
or maybe it was to something else
or maybe i'm just changing my mind
or maybe my reinterpretation of it wwas different from what i meant or even wrote with further context!
FUCK
thought, even written, is impossible

impossible to keep in touch/track-of-with with-maybe-gioes-here

we suicide because of that eventually
the key to our enjoymanent was the appeared and real finite state of not-death ("life" i suppose but idk "note-death" seems more accurate because it invokes user to use their own definition, of which i merely think life is the most accurate. i ise a pretty important word in that sentence, but maybe not necessarily the most important (i genueintely ahveh naod fucking clue)

chaos:
switching point: 

ok: by providing timestamps TO A CERTAIN LEVEL OF ACCURACY (average sentence per minute err no: AVERAGE character strokes per 

AVERAGE character strokes per 
err no
AVERAGE character strokes per 
no cpas
no word in caps i mean
average characters per second on a per "sentence" basis. I would guess that every punctuation coundsts except there is a whitelist where you can add things but idk like what, was thinking maybe some code shit but considered and i gues srueld out "(" and ")"
as in i'd want thse before and after chunks to be considered sentence in the safe save point and also calculate average-chacaters-per-second-per-sentence

HOWEVER sentence is defined and whatever it's white and blacklist exceptions or reconsiderations of any kind (something goes here but i cannot remember what), the accuracy of your keystroke recordings (i would imagine REGARDLESS OF WHAT YOUR SOFTWARE IS UTILIZING!!!!!!! KEY FCUCKING SECURITY PROBLEM SOLVED BUT I CAN'T BE FUCKED-

err yea uhh what was i on about
it does reduce chaos A BIT
to record even average keystrokes per on time basis err i mean what the computer's max time is, since they can be much acrcurater than we are
err i mean
accurater than we are able to detect
we are slow as fuck
they can read through 100k "pages" (howevert those are arbitrarily defined too ;-P) in a few seconds flat

but tbh i think that keystrokes do provide a good source of prng on a constant basis. actually i think 

aww shit just realized nothing i do is THEORETICALLY un-recordable-and-theref-reo-crackable-
mooving the mouse if
is
recordable
that is
kb, mic, vid,


ALL OF EXISTENCE, not just "me" (Steven)

wat do if random numbers become ungenerable
because of computer processor speeds
tempted to write, but alo soasl aslo way unsure if it fits: reest? ;-)
typo: reset ;_)

...obviously ";_0"... err obviously ";-)" finally jeez))whattherewerenoopenparentehsisffff