logic
is useful
but should also be ignored/forgotten
what i learned from the season finale of 'house': following logic isn't living. you take choice/life out of the equation. you deduce your path and follow it. boring. etc.


certain things can't be decided upon
you must DECIDE based on impulse and sheer preference
you're addicted to logic, just as house, but whenever you cannot logic through something, you should simply DECIDE
fuck.

i don't know how to decide
but not deciding is even worse
sitting on my ass in this chair lifeless



allow emotion to factor in
i guess
idfk.

i don't know anything

even that which i am sure of: i will launch
i am now unsure of
yes i want to
is that enough?

but even still, to what level will i launch?
will i have true 100% mode?
appearance of 100% mode?
or < 100% mode?


i want 100% mode
but i also want drugs

the two contradict.

WANT
=
EMOTION

right?

so i am following my wants
but they contradict each other (ironically: logically)



i could do a search through all my docs for the word 'contradict' and/or 'cogntive + dissonance' and process each item just as i do my TODOetcs... TODOreq: do that :-P
rofl.

so many lately
they tend to relate to each other
but are not EXACTLY the same...


a fucking shit ton having to do with launching lately
and to what degree....



is 'free man on the land' my best bet? i should look more into this...
EVEN STILL, political pressure: corporations -> lobbyists -> politicians -> police, will overrule that 'free man on the land' stuff. canadian federal law, ESPECIALLY WITH LOBBY INFLUENCE (aka bribes), will cause them to ignore it outright. i don't know what the fuck to do anymore..... but i want to be a free man on the land (preferably without leaving the USA...)


America isn't free. Nowhere is. Antarctica? Then I'd have to worry about physical attacks, Pirates, Politicians, whoever idfk.


I am afraid of death and HATE the subject. I don't wish to linger on it, but I have to acknowledge and factor it in. This is eh my response to that clint eastwood / john malkovich movie I just watched a few nights ago. He was talking about how Kennedy was obsessed with death. It might appear I am also obsessed with death: but I hate it. I don't want to be assassinated, I'm just predicting I will be [and I guess trying to take precautions.. not to be (I'm not going to 'parade around town' like a dipshit, inviting assassinations)].


A life with Kaylee sounds so much simpler... maybe that's why I'm drawn to it. I'd be simply giving up (but I'd still be happy!!! that's what counts (or, do I owe it to society to try? invididual vs. society again fml)).