A sudden jolt and I am awake. My head and my legs arch up off the bed just a few inches and adrenaline surges through my body. For one moment, I am confused and afraid. The next (~1 second later), I know what just happened: my mind was playing with the hyper-bliss concept. There is no hyper prefix, however. bool bliss = true, was what I managed to momentarily set it to. My brain felt electrified. Thoughts were swarming and I was an genious. I clenched my pillow in a feeling of certainty, comfort, and confidence as I accepted/embraced my fate. I practiced my launch speech a few seconds later: "I am switching modes in my brain [or something] and am the first human to be able to do it. Do not be afraid, President Obama (I think I should coordinate some sort of communication with him so as to not get SHOT IN THE FACE), I come in peace. I am peace. I am also violence. I am [yada yada everything]".

I don't recall what I was dreaming about prior to the jolt. I recall being able to recall, but know that I have lost it. I am relatively certain that the jolt was a direct result of my mind unlocking/unleashing momentarily the bliss. It has been a while since I felt such a rush (since I have tripped balls [in the desert]), and I _FORGET_ that Kaylee is merely a derivative of me. Of course I love her, I love everyone and everything. In my sober state I had lost perspective. It is very easy to do so. Perhaps a fear of bliss (which is also uncertainty at the moment... I am not engulfed in it [yet ;-)]) also factored in: I was running to Love and a "Normal Life".

For those moments where the adrenaline was still pumping, I had regained perspective. Even now as I write this down, I feel the blurriness of sobriety making me forget. Luckily I remember how to get back to it. I know my course of action from this point forward: I call it "launch".

It is aiming a video camera that is broadcasting to the world in realtime at me, with an automated advertising system to pay for/power it rigged (because MAINTAINING one manually sounds boring as FUCK (and also requires me to accept input: the ads themselves = brainwash, fuck off (lol my viewers are fucked. o well fuck em <3))), and a C++ IDE that is essentially a "blank screen" or "blank slate". Tabula Rasa as I conveniently learned the definition just yesterday. I can film myself doing, starting, creating.