My advertising agency software is primitive, limited, buggy, and an overall piece of shit. But there's one giant fucking bullet item I fail[ed] to remember: FREEDOM OF SPEECH. NO FUCKING COMPANY CAN CENSOR ME. FUCK YOU GOOGLE YOU COCKSUCKING CENSORSHIP MACHINE. They've censored me on multiple occassions. I can spend the rest of my days tweaking and optimizing Abc2 to achieve maximum efficiency and minimal data loss... or accept a "99%" success rate [and horizontal scalability] and start fucking living, perhaps as the first man with true freedom. Free will, freedom of expression, freedom of speech. I'm fucking pumped. Fuck USA in 2014. Nobody has freedom, it's all a fucking joke/scam. An ideal and illusion. Sure some want it, sure some advertise it, but who really has it? It is required to be a business owner to really have it. It is required to not be greedy to really have it. To have a cool head, to have tripped fucking balls and been to the other side and back. To bring back a piece of the bliss, or at least to try to (much harder than it sounds). Rare is the business owner who isn't greedy. Rare is the psychonaut who retains his drive and ambition [and sanity]. Yea I fucking hate the system, that's why I'm hacking my way through it. Metaphorical machete and all, fuck you America. The underlying hope that America builds it's foundation on... the dream of freedom and the pursuit thereof... THAT is pure and real and I can dig it. But the actualized instanstiation of it in 2014? Crock of shit. Eat shit you politicians and oppressive business owners (especially the advertising agencies who censor (GOOGLE (they all do, but google is the largest around))). The right to free will does not give you the right to chop off others' free will. I am a vacuum sealed serial killer. I can feel my mental rage for these bad men who have deluded themselves that they are good, but I don't let it take over my body. I won't let it take over my body. Violence is what they want. Violence is how they win. You become violent and the system eats you alive. They are expendable; they don't value life. I (singular) become violent, perhaps take out a few of them... can't kill them all so I'll eventually lose/die... all I've killed are replaced instantly: nothing is gained.

No, my battle is fought via ignore. I love the concept of rooms. Stand up, walk into another room, the end. Build my own networks too, but that's a different battlefield of the same war.

The police are mine. I pay taxes so they protect me and my rooms (not from violence, however). I can only leave the room so many times, but when a room is "mine" I can peacefully ask the offending party to leave. The police enforce it. I don't have to lift a finger. America is great at times. The foundation of America is great. The corruption has taken over so if you look at it as a whole, it's shit. But the foundation is there and is unchangeable. Good and logic (sameshit) will never budge, despite evil crawling all over it and covering it up. Seeping into the cracks, making you feel a hatred towards good itself. Making you consider defecting. Making you want to kill politicians chosen through nothing but a PRNG. I won't resort to violence because I know it's pointless and will only result in my own death, but I know they will; I'm already dead.