I know how I want to act: batshit insane.
But how do I want to look?

I thought this up while staring into my Droid's front screen and staring at myself in the reflection. I kept smiling and then stopping and eventually it essentially illustrated to me that I a) want to be batshit insane (i felt pleasure while doing the face of a batshit insane expression person something idfk (a non-harmful one)) and b) then proceeded to toggle smileing/not-smiling. or: acting/not-acting. the not-actiong (ing!) portion being portion being emote'less. acting is smiling. but yet insane is smiling. so there is the logical error of my demise which i must understand and set up logical barriers to divert flow/errors from it. i want to smile but i don't want to smile. i want to smile but i don't want to act. so i must give myself permission to smile but i don't want to be public. these are two contradictions which i must handle. i don't want to act, and i believe that is i am public that i must act. this is a human problem. this is a human rights violation. this is a logical error however, not a put-in-place-by-an-evil-person error/violation. a human must be allowed to go and/or be batshit insane so long as they do not harm themselves or others. "United State of America" is such arbitrary thought (though sure, it's real). United Matter of Universe.
that should be the tv show's name
<-----INGRAINING THAT INTO DEFINITELY GOING TO REMEMBER SECTION OF BRAIN. ENCODING [however-the-fuck-my-brain-does-it]. Chemically?
It is not illegal to unite and stand together. It is only illegal to unite and stand together against your own government. We are an implementation of the whole reason the United State of America exists: freedom. Freedom grants us the right to unite. I would like to unite on both a human level (universal peace etc) and on a technical level (the latter being more of a "for fun" implementation of freedom) such as by being members of the DPL-Only network (of which I am sole owner (but the software and content that resides on said network is entirely freely re-usable, so anybody can duplicate the network with legal and technical ease)), where basically content/thought/data/shit-that-makes-us-human (i should DEFINITELY use the last definition here as my variable name!!!) is submitted by members.


oh shit resuming a train of thought from earlier. when i toggled smiling/not-smiling rapidly/constantly it showed me that i have complete control over my appearance and can command myself to act essentially however i want. i am or can be a decent actor. i will probably get caught eventually, especially with a worldwide audience. fuck it i am not even going to try
^came back and wrote this to the unsaved version after writing the doc 2 docs from now