i have nothing in mind while typing right now but just wanted to give myself the opportunity to say anything i want before i commit these docs and then fuck around with QAbstractSocket disconnecting / possibly-message-ensuring shit


hmm nothing's coming to mind

i love you kaylee, i wish you would talk to me :(. shit makes me feel depressed

keep thinking about suicide

but not even close to doing it

i just think about people's reactions
i guess that's what most people do
"they'll miss me once i'm gone, hurr"


like idk

i just want to write
FUCK
on my whiteboard
then do it

leave all my shit as is
encrypted or whatever (might be compromised even now who the fuck knows (btw need that raspi offline rig ASAP PLOX NOOOOOB FUCKING LAUNCH GOD FUCKING DAMNIIIIT THIS IS WHY I CAN'T SUICIDE BECAUSE I AM TOO FUCKING EXCITED ABOUT RASPI + FINGERS + MUSIC + CODING + DRUGS + MONEY + yea, you get the point))

would be a weird place to leave off, yea?

which is why i'm not

is why i'm still here

the future looks bright

"tomorrow" looks bright

fuck today

fuck this rpc shit

fuck abc

and fuck

well

yea

no

idk

tempted to say fuck kaylee for making me miserable
but dude, it's your own damn fault
you're the one that just randomly became obsessed with her
noob.
and you ARE pathetic
so what do you expect?

become GREAT, and maybe... JUST MAYBE.... she'll want to hang around you?

she said she would if i was rich rofl
i guess that's good enough

but idk

i need a fucking shrink asep
and i want it to be her.

which isn't fair

that's not her job

she's got a kid
single mom and a job

and i want her time.

LoL.

you're so stupid

but when you analyze yourself like this it helps you to see just how stupid you are
fuck yea.
i am retarded.

code dude
CODE
nothing mattress.

she's just not into pathetic
who is?

i doubt you being cousins would matter if you were great
and i don't just mean great
i mean good

so that's that then
i want to be good

i need to be good
for myself
and for kaylee

great = rating of life worth
good = moral compass

lol ambiguity


great && good

because there are plenty of great && evil
or shit && good
and shit && evil

(not sure on my binary logic there.... but i do definitely want to be great && good)


OK SO QUESTION: does being good mean that i will censor things which will embarrass 'friends'?
am i lying to myself? am i really doing it for myself?
in some cases: yes

but in every case: the 'friend' also becomes embarrassed

i don't know the answer to that question but i will ponder on it

i guess i'm searching for a cop out to censor embarrassing shit

where do i draw the line?

i already know i'll be shunned
should i care about shunners?
or only if there is a 'friend' party involved in the embarrassment

honestly, i've done some pretty embarrassing shit that i wouldn't mind censoring [that does NOT involve a friend]
lol. you pussy.

yea, that's right
you fucking pussy.

bah

that isn't helping...

so what is?

randomly talking about it?

hurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

fuck that question for now. for now, just focus on the if(friendIsInvolved && contentIsEmbarrassing) question...



i mean

I'M SHAPING A FUCKING LIFE
MY LIFE
i only get one shot

which is why i want an editor
*COUGH*
you know who :-P


might already be too late.... but might not be too late. i genuinely have no fucking clue

but i know the possibility exists

the possibility exists to become overwhelmed with embarrassment and fear and to be shit
the possibility exists to censor so much that the true steven is never known.

i am a pervert, there is no hiding/changing that
hell, i'm not even ashamed of that

just certain stories/videos/facts/pictures/who-knows-what, ACTUAL CONTENT OF ME BEING PERVERTED ;-), is more embarrassing than the statement alone


fuck it
fuck everyone.

fuck friends too?

are friends included in everyone?

yes.

but am i willing to make an exception?????

that's the question i still don't have an answer to


do i want to live a quiet life? a politicians life? where i hide as much as i can and try to appear perfect etc?
no
fuck that shit
fuck that life

but i do see the power it yields

and wonder if i should harness it at least in some way


do i want to have a hidden personality? i know how i could do it.

what about drugs? how am i going to do drugs?

3 day delay? would that even solve the problem?

it might actually yes solve the problem of "possession"
"that was 3 days ago the drugs have since been pooped"

but a judge and a blood test + the video 3 days old might be enough

fucking corrupt bastards.





can't i just trip balls in peace?

can't you just leave me alone?

yes, they'll leave me alone...

they'll leave me alone and spy on me and steal all my brilliance and profit from it (because that's all they do, dumbasses)

i don't WANT to launch

i NEED to


but how do i trip balls then?
without getting arrested?

how do i get left alone?
popperazi (SP!!!!!!!) sounds like a pain in the fucking ass

and there's no turning back from fame

what if i launch and then 5 years from now i want my old life back?
the quiet life?

i know paranoia/shame won't be missed

but privacy... and potentially the ability to trip balls
might be missed

meh fuck privacy
shit's an illusion anyways

my biggest concern is really drugs

oh and idiots might bug me with all the attention i will be receiving
bleh

i'm a sellout

like a hollywood actor
i should just give up everything and go try my luck in hollywood (rofl)
fucking actors, so dumb.

but i am a sellout

selling out in a similar manner

but my goals are different

i don't give a shit about attention and fame (or at least that's what my forelobe claims)
but i fucking HATE shame and paranoia (both my forelobe and subconscious completely agree)

and yea, i do like money. but that has nothing to do with anything...