just watched bourne legacy
movie was lol.

but yea anyways more paranoia incoming:
that line "you think you can be loud enough fast enough to make them afraid?" (and surrounding lines) seemed like a direct statement to me. inb4 illuminati. i don't think i can make them afraid. it's a matter of not feeling paranoid. the scene earlier in the movie where the reporter on the cellphone getting shot in the head through the advertisement also seemed like a statement to me: we can kill you no matter what. it's definitely true. my broadcasting will not save me from anything. i wonder if i should take the anonymous route instead? but then paranoia wins!!!!!

broadcasting increases exposure which increases chance of death
broadcasting eradicates ['they are spying on me'] paranoia
clinging to infinite multiverse theory (INIFINITY EXISTS! INFINITY EXISTS!) is the only way to survive broadcasting. they WILL kill you. you just have to rely on the fact that... they don't exist in another universe. it SOUNDS crazy but so does our entire existence.




choose:
-anonymously broadcast as much as you want -- can still broadcast everything but not take credit for it
-believe and have faith in 'infinite multiverse theory' for survival
-be small enough and non-influential enough to not warrant killing


actually the last route sounds best. i should just stick with fingers/d3fault
i mean i will
but shit, sometimes i feel like this minddump shit
everything i've written so far
is already enough to warrant an assassination
i am not sure of it, but i think it is a possibility
so perhaps i am forced to take the 2nd one?
infinity DOES exist (doesn't it?)

i can't conceive how it wouldn't exist

i can't conceive how infinite time wouldn't exist

but i

actually no i can't
i can't conceive how infinite space wouldn't exist either
a fucking wall? dead-end yo!
inconceivable

just because we have no hard proof OF either of those doesn't mean they aren't true


and actually i have no proof of other universes either
and more specifically, that if i am killed in this one that i live on in another
err, i would live on in that one
but what i mean is...
how would i know i can perceive
or... am the same person...
in that one as in this one?
or something

now i'm back onto: can't NOT exist
once i NOT exist here, i continue to exist (as if nothing had happened) in the others...


life is so fragile yet so valuable
i'm not sure i'm willing to risk my own life on that theory~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



that's really what it boils down to
let's simplify this and let my subconscious process it:
are you confident enough in the infinite multiverse theory to risk a possible single life in testing it?
are you confident enough in the infinite multiverse theory to sacrifice a possible single life in testing it?
are you confident enough in the infinite multiverse theory to sacrifice everything in testing it?


INFINITY EXISTS
INFINITY EXISTS
INFINITY EXISTS
gggggaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
does infinity REAALLY exist???
does it apply as i imagine?

honestly i have less faith in the "can't NOT exist" -> "i continue to exist (perception and all) as other universe instances"
than the mere fact that alternate universes exist
i might just die in this one and that's that

BUT OK EVEN IF THAT WERE TRUE
i'd be OPERATING at the same rate in each identical multiple universe, correct?
so i need to be OPERATING at full speed (fearless speed) in each identical multiverse.
yes, perhaps i will be killed in this one.
perhaps i can NOT exist. perhaps i just die.
isn't that worth it?
to know that in some other one i live on (STILL OPERATING AT FULL SPEED)?

on one hand: no it isn't. my existence is everything to me
on the other: yes, because living like that is the only way to truly be free and attain bliss

there, i think i'll go to sleep now that my subconscious has something to process
note: this is the most important issue because it determines whether or not i will censor myself AT ALL