'the sole reason of escaping paranoia'
AND
'make a name for myself'

contradict.


so does that mean i'm really just an attention whore like the rest of everyone?
i guess so
O WALL
if my subconscious wants attention, then i shall feed him attention


whatever floats your boat
fuck shame, fuck paranoia.












is it shame that makes me want to mold myself to what i think kaylee would want?
or is it desire?
is there a difference?
desire to not be embarrassed = shame

guh the closer i get the less confident i get
this launching is going to suck
so many contradictions
i should just kill myself now.



HOW DO I ORDER A RASPBERRY PI WITHOUT MENTIONING THE WORDS RASPBERRY PI? since they are a censoring entity and they use a binary GPU
'bootstrap off of what is here'
contradicts
'only acknowledge the existence of libre stuffz'


also will my email be public realtime?
what if someone does a password reset feature and
a) the password is sent in the email that is broadcast instantly
b) the reset url broadcast instantly

solution: reset url is hidden in an <a href=
BUT, i cannot control how other sites do their password reset functionality. each one is different


perhaps a 'broadcast compliance' list of ways for a user broadcasting to interact with a site without compromising data
i mean, like a set of rules or whatever that sites need to 'comply' with
i could make the rules lawl


but how do i do it until then?


having my email offline is a slippery slope
it allows threats to be sent only to me
'show this on your stream and we will kill him/her. [picture of him/her tied up]. here is our demand: $123'
ETC

contradictions contradictions maybe i should just fucking kill myself
maybe i should just go 'off the grid' mode?
PARANOIA CONSUMES YOU
fuck.
there is no winning
i feel like shit all of the sudden



BE GOOD, BE FEARLESS, BE AN ASSHOLE, ADMIT CONTRADICTIONS, BROADCAST AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE, CREATE SOLUTIONS TO ALLOW BROADCASTING MORE

'create solutions' = clever use of keepass etc
the password that the viewers see me type in is not necessarily valuable if i let keepass paste it in (though having my cursor in the wrong place could leak my password insantly lmfao)
a delay of a few minutes lets me correct my mistakes before they can be exploited
but then: 'show this on your stream and we will kill him/her' becomes available. they'd demand i pull offline before those few minutes or whatever or something

threats need to be received simultaneously by me and the stream viewers in order to keep adversaries from making them
it won't be foolproof/100%, but i do think it will help


reset password functionality is stupid. easiest way ever to hack people's shit. fucking hate the current state of computing