On the subject of nudity, vulgarity, and being an asshole.
This time without taking Kaylee into consideration. From a purely political(???) point of view. I'm not sure I want to be a politician (increases assassination chances a jillion fold (then again, infinite multiverse theory says that that doesn't matter!)), but what I mean from an "influental human being" perspective. In a sense, that is exactly what a politician is. That there isn't a "formal title" involved is largely irrelvant. I _AM_ a politician if I take this route (so I might as well make it formal to boot? (can lead the way on the "politicans in power do not deserve privacy" campaign too?)).

Vulgarity, obscenity, ETC
None of which are harmful as a whole, are still harmful to an image (politics is all about making an "image").



Do I wish to rise above said image-making-mockery that is our reality 2012? Or do I wish to conform to it?


Do I wish to change the state of "normal", or do I wish to "become normal"?

I think I vote for the former, because it is my natural self.



Nudify, vulgarity, asshole, and [formal?] politician = huuuuge recipe for assassination




If I am being spied on it is very likely that within the next few days/weeks all of my data is "gone". Now that I'm declaring myself a politician (formal/informal = irrelevant).




Despite vulgar being my default state, can I, or should I, suppress it minimally, while in "official politician".... "mode"(????)...???


Being vulgar hurts an image
Not being vulgar has no effect on it

"Not being vulgar" is the assumed default state... (despite plenty of cases where politicians are involved in sex "scandals")... and the people tend to vote against vulgarity. Or perhaps they don't. I mean shit, the people LOVED the "gladiator" fights. I'm not talking about anything violent. I fully comply with "do no harm".





Politics taking time
d3fault/software taking lots also

Do I (don't I) have to choose?
Yes, but you can choose both.


If I _AM_ a politician and I lead the way, it will be much easier (when the time is right) to implement d3fault is a government body. Removing the power from the politicians and putting it, for the first time ever (inb4 infinite multiverse theory), in the hands of the people. PERHAPS it should be done on a limited "training wheels" basis at first, but that perhaps is in fact a slippery as fuck slope for politicians retaining power indefinitely. I just know it will also be a dangerous transitioning period (especially when software bugs are considered).


Still, time is finite, and I don't know what I want to "do".
This incoming copyright infringement case/raid is one thing...
...but full on politician is something I have only roughly considered (and tend to dislike the thought of~)

I need to give it more thought, now that I know my role on this earth. This reality in 2012. This multiverse universe instance (space). This multiverse universe incarnation (time).


I can be bold
I can be loud
I can be AN ASSHOLE
without vulgarity of any kind
I can still be the same person
by merely substituting words in place
Hell, I can make up my own cuss words! They can/will be my "signature" or "coining"!
I don't think any "oomf" will be lost by my remaining clothed and not using vulgar language. I can still call people out for having poor logic. I can still do so "rudely" with "nothing held back ;-P"... without being even the slightest bit "vulgar".


Should I censor/shred my previous "vulgarity"? Should I live with who I am? I don't like censorship. I don't like it at all. I can't be a hypocrite.. but I also need to "consider the image!". Or maybe I don't if I choose not to enter politics in/formally. I will be a politician in the weakest sense by merely conducting software. Software is my passion. In doing so I will give opinions on subjects etc, and can be cited by the outside world of proprietary content in courts by lawyers/judges. My libre-works of random spouting/thinking might give defendants the logical legal defense they need to further the goals (the same goals I would be after if I were a formal politician!). So there isn't really any escaping it. I am a politician because I am a man with opinion. When you consider that government is "for the people, by the people" (something the USA "claims" (except isn't currently, because of "lobbying" by "big business")), that sentence makes perfect fucking sense. Every human is/should-be a politician also. That is my "dream". That is what I will be a martyr for (against my will! "duty calls", "destiny", "i didn't choose it!", etc). Please leave me alone and let me live! PLEASE (lol as if begging will work against "them". all they see is money)! I value this life way too much. I value it so much that I wish I had the capability (at this point I don't any longer!!!!!!) of staying private/offline/hidden/anon/etc. The capability was removed when I became so incredibly certain that I have a legal standing. That it's my "social duty" also factors in (though less so. My "pursuit of happiness" is much more important (everything is self-centered. remember that. study it. dissect it. harness it)).


Still unsure of "how I will choose to behave".
It isn't a matter of "how I will act".
I can define myself as anything.
I am a blank slate.
Cuss words are mere "emphasis" on insult. But insult is the bulk of who you are, not the slightly-modifying-for-enhancing cuss word portion of it.
Basically, just be yourself.
Easier said than done.
What does that even mean? You can't go using F-Bombs in court houses when trying to get a judge to take you seriously. I think it's incredibly stupid that you can't, but it's still true that you can't. The same applies to speaking in front of congress/senate/etc "pitching a bill".
OR: you should tout your F-Bombs as mere demonstration to the absurdity of our society... and in doing so, try to change it? Argue with any judge who discredits your claims because they were delivered with an F-Bomb. Doing it "live" will of course help a lot.

What I was getting at with that gladiator shit...
The "general public" LIKES and THRIVES ON vulgarity. Whether it's gladiator combat, arguing, insult slinging, ETC. It "sells", which basically is the same as saying: "it is what the PEOPLE want". They don't want a pussy suited uptight politician. Then again, maybe they do. Perhaps when it comes to the "people in charge" they want someone with a bit of... coherence. Someone who seems like they know what they're doing. In order to appear like you know what you're doing, you must do a little as possible. The more you do, the more likely you are to "look bad" at doing something... costing you precioius fucking votes. Puck Folitics. I guess I'll try but I refuse to act different (might filter vulgarity out of my dictionary, but I will still be a confronting asshole at the end of the day). I'll let the people decide if they want me. It will increase my chances of assassination by an order of magnitude.. but shit I'm already facing such crazy odds I really have to cling to infinite multiverse theory ANYWAYS... so it makes very little difference that I increase the probablity from 99.999% to 99.9999999%. It's still very likely to happen and I still have to depend on "infinity" to ever make it to post-frozing either fucking way. I refuse to change as a person, so I guess I refuse to censor myself also?


Interaction with fellow politicians is public domain by default. So are my actions. Because of this, if I am "formally" political, I can maintain my "LIBRE-ONLY" mode of operation. It might be required (for the job) to "acknowledge the existence of" (or even view!!!) proprietary copyrighted works. Such cases would be VASTLY different from mere "consumer use" or "unlawful distribution". They would fall into a much rarer case of like "review for lawful decision making" etc, and can thus be justified. An issue with this is the broadcasting live concept. Wouldn't I be "infringing" by viewing the lawful decision making helping content and broadcasting the viewing? I refuse to leave the broadcasting behind.

Not only should it not be a requirement that I ditch the broadcasting mode
I further contend that it should be a requirement that all politicians utilize a broadcasting mode (though I'd probably have to argue/win the above line "first")



Politics is a definite way to get your name in that "book of existence" thingy...

......but I also don't need it ;-)
Reader: envision now that I am not a formal politician (because I'm BETTING that 'society' will in fact vote in favor of me... me being the 'first to promise 100% ACTUAL transparency by broadcasting 24/7/365' will get a lot of votes! Will probably shit on the competition. For some smaller position definitely... but "president" would definitely be pushing it. I think there's an age requirement for president anyways (age-ist!).

Your envisioning it (incorporating all my previous writings) is merely for fun. Up until now/recently I had not decided it.



So... I guess I should time my self-launch in accordance with some political election? Declaring my intent to run for [position-x] on the first day and within minutes or whatever?


SHOULD I SACRIFICE DRUGS TO FOLLOW THIS 'IDEA'
I almost wrote "dream" instead of "idea", but that would be a lie. Formal Politics is a "while I'm at it" deal for me. The dream consists of drugs. I will continue to do drugs but hide them just enough to be legal about it :-P. Fuck prison. I will try to pass legislation legalizing them, but I will probably fail. Fuck it.


My admitting to doing drugs is not illegal. Only the possession of drugs is illegal. Since I am declaring that I wish to change the law so as to not be in violation of it, my admitting to doing drugs is not a "violation". It can't even be "frowned upon" in the grand scheme of things. It's like calling a "non-racist" a "bad person" because he said he "wasn't racist"... but that happened BEFORE law etc changed to disable slavery or whatever. This analogy sucks but you get the point. I am pro-drugs... but with heavy regulation/protection to/from them.


My being a "formal politician" will possibly be a bad thing towards my name because I will have "siezed power" and will be in power more than I should be in power. Does "it's a bootstrap" cover it? I think all humans on earth should have equal power... but that clearly isn't how things are. Does my harnessing reality 2012 negate my actual views? The same argument applies to me being "greedy and getting rich" via bitcoin and businesses etc. Both of them can lead to corruption. Power and Money both corrupt. I could "forget" under both circumstances. I hope I don't, but I acknowledge that it's possible.


Broadcasting live will mean that I am unable to "forget". The first lobbyist that approaches me will be called out! I won't even be able to help it. I will have a sense of obligation, so as to not contradict myself on my broadcast, to call him out and "not forget" my mission. The people will remind me, and the machinery and knowledge of broadcast will be a consistent reminder as well.


I will vote consistent (logic/broadcast demands it!)
I will not vote for anything (whether good or bad) with a red herring (or pork barrel or whatever they're called)
I will call out any fellow politicians who do, and I will advise their constituents not to vote for them. I can keep a list (crowd-sourced :-D) of politicians by track record and use that to recommend politicians for a given area. Broadcasting live will give me a huge advantage and much more power than a single man. HOWEVER, I do not have to be a "formal politician" to harness such power. I need only focus my energy towards it.

The daily problems that a formal politician has to deal with would bore me greatly. I would stand for my views and try to get them implemented... but the "homework" duty of regulating the rest of the law would consume a great deal of time. Time is finite. I want to code.