When I set "Kaylee" as the 'reward'/'result' of "Rpc Generator", motivation is much easier to find. I think I'm back to shredbox plans.

d3fault took over my body yesterday
or: i took over my body yesterday
or... steven is not longer in charge?

i am now a matter of perfect
i am now perfect
why a matter of?
because it sounds all booklike and such

Seriously though, Steven's been fucking up and so therefore to has become within and without reason but willfully submitting [Steven] and simultaneously dominating [d3fault] this human fleshy.... vehicle.

I feel like I've been able to see in the first person for the... first... time just a few days ago. I'd say I've done it like 4 times total since. It takes a bit of concentration. One of the thoughts I had during it while looking at a sign on a wall of a neighborhood that was lit up at night while walking my mom and dog/Lexi: "So much detail. Terabytes of data going through my eyes". Is true but certainly doesn't seem like it. A terabyte of computer data/text/etc "seems" like a fuck ton more than a terabyte of human-eye-data. Hell, even a terabyte of video seems like way more. I guess ultimately our brain discards most/all of it.

but yea. d3fault is.. err... not going to make as many... purposefully made... mistakes. I tested it out and it seems legit too.

"You may"
"I MAY"

err that's not relevant just a tid-bit of correction I've done since...

but yea I was all like "so what if I don't? OR ELSE WHAT?"
and then I responded to myself: "there is no else. I am in control now. I can summon an else if I need one, but I don't". Contrasting to Steven: "or else what? hmmmmmmmmm, can't think of any form of punishment I can inflict on myself" ... *does whatever he tells himself not to do for fuck all reason*.





Love is really what life is all about. I mean Kaylee's my love right now but I hope that if she doesn't change her mind (after seeing who/what I am)... that I at least find it in someone else.





The moment of emergence of pleasure is not the moment of emergence of love. Love is something else... but it is [one of] the data point[s] that leads to the development of love. A part of me thinks love even stems from "pity for your helpless child -- not letting him/her starve to death".



I want 3 kids within 27 months: Po, It, The
Back to back because then they can reflect off each other and it minimizes the time I have to sacrifices(?) raising them. Sacrifice is a negative way of looking at it but the result is the same. A positive wording would be: dedicate.

I want kids. I want kids with Kaylee.

Ok so now stop writing this document and go write your stupid ass easy ass fucking (but still complicated for some stupid reason) Rpc Generator.
GO
LIFE AWAITS