I was thinking of a way to communicate through Robinson to Kaylee
at a Food (had:Dinner) table: Robinson, should I be more like Marylin Manson or Walt Disney?
(another two would be (would have been, also) Ozzy Ozzbourne or

when that Sam I am Guy says he is looking at himself in the mirror and writing what he sees, he means that he is looking into a realm of chaos and at a single chord.

to that chord, or reflecting off my previous braindead freakout-trip where i thought i was dead (the lit up flesh loop coming out of the ground in a matrix of un-lit-up (because i do not think for them so i do not know that they even exist. i do not know that they are not a figment of the "chord" or "flesh-loop"'s made-up-conscience's imagination. I think therefore I am. I do not make any guarantees as to what I am, only that i am.
bool lit_up = true;
//this is a property for a fleshloop and is used to determine whether or not to be lit up. it is nothing more. that is what "I think therefore I am says" and that is all it says.


<picking up on earlier>
Dr. Seuss!


I sat and thought about the conversation and how I think it would play out, with Kaylee commenting in (is irresistable). But it's just that I sat there and thought about it that made me realize I genuinely don't care whether I am good or bad. I am floating in a sort of nether-world. My hard drive is not good or bad! Only I am! Considering I output myself only to my hard drive, what the fuck? I mean obviously I do interact with the "world" (which is either real or made up (?????????dgaf)) and even unintentionally but I would say the overwhelming vast majority of my true output (with effort given to it's aim (output!)) goes into my offline devbox which i also use as i diary


I can be either good or bad. I am supposed to choose. Yet here I am neutral and non-existent in my room in the dark on my computer "punching the keys" for god sakes. That's how I code, when I'm into it. It's hard to get into it. Damn I keep digressing.

That I don't care means I should be good. There is no other reasoning involved. Why on earth would you bring Kaylee into it? You are an idiot. I think that being good only because you need a default (was tempted to write sensible, because I think neither choice is sensible -- neutral and non-existent is SAFER in terms of paranoia of assassination)

So I would kind of irrationally(?) connect non-existence to neutrality. In order to exist, you must have chosen good or bad!



Wouldn't it make sense to be neutral until a time you are wronged, and then to be bad only towards that person? Or should you forgive and let evil thrive? I don't buy the whole "forgive them so they can see kindness and it will seep into their hearts" (-me now) bullshit that religion tries to sell.


I would say on the whole I am largely apathatic about material items. I don't want my things stolen, but I can carry on with very little ill feelings afterward. My data on the other hand, holy fucking shit, talk about "personal value", or whatever it's called. I have nightmares and shit about it. I need to replicate asap. The longer I wait, the more I lose. It is that kind of function. How fucking hard is it to write a Qt app to create and manage (including replication and periodic verification and drives are plugged in to be "synced" (git update or whatever it is idfk)). Qt and git should do all the work.


HOLY SHIT THAT IS IT.
That is the easiest and most reliable and yet portable and still usable from a command line (could even (SHOULD even TODOreq) have the Qt app show me the commands being run (don't let this turn into that Qt-scripting idea, just hack it together like QuickDirtyAutoBackupHalper)).

And then it would be very easy for me to have N copies that periodically become synchronized and verified (synchronized always, verified often (i could use maths to calculate how often is often enough depending on how many drives and how often you want to sync at least one (because they'll be spread out duh))).

I think "git repos that are auto-generated by a Qt app for every subfolder for a given target folder". I think maybe a rule should be that you HAVE TO put shit in a folder. Wait no this is fucking complicated.

contradiction (that might need to be worked around (worth it imo)):
a) the target folder ("autobackup" equiv) would need to have an empty root (no files) in order for a pure "git repo" design. In that pure design which is best and what I want to use, the root dir (target folder ("autobackup" atm)) is basically just a snapshot of all the repositories. Sure we update it automatically from our Qt app every time one of it's sub-directories (which are really git refs or something like svn:remotes (git repos? i forget tbh but use the official one)), but if we hadn't it would just update the old git commit for that particular subdir (until we told it to get the new one explicitly (that's all we're automating)).
b) if I have a new git repo thingo for every folder, then projects (c++/qt/etc) get accidentally more split up than we want them to be! I don't want to split git repos at the folder level for projects! That's for sure. I want to split projects git repos (the files/folders that make them up) at the project level!

Hmm, can I pull single files from git repos based on commit ids? I would be willing to bet yes. So I could build "Project" that I guess would be different than the "'autobackup'-replacement", and the "Project" (of which there can/would be many) simply consist of git repos and/or single-file-commit-id pulls. It would surely be an optimization to do single-folder-commit-id pulls, but then you do expose yourself to accidentally accepting files into your project that may or may not be compiled somehow and fucking run. Maybe this isn't the workaround I'm looking for, or maybe I can fix what I don't like about it (single-file is expensive?). Man I am digressing like fuck from the good/bad thing. Here's this real quick: I think being good and trying really fucking hard to be good is the surest way to attain bliss. I don't want a medal or an award, I do it for myself and for bliss. I think self satisfaction is the ultimate governor of bliss release. If your subconscious is satisfied with your work and deems you a good person, it won't haunt you? Lol how did this get to be about git? Lol "evolution" of my devbox itself (which is actually scary too)!

re: 2nd and 3rd paragraph of this doc
it doesn't matter if the "world" is real or fake. it is chaos either way. and it is it's chaos through which we ourselves are defined. static (blackness!? the color is irrelevant so long as it doesn't change (but color is just an example to help understand)) does not lead to life

Still I like that git repos idea. Should think about the solution to the root folder problem. It will help dramatically with paranoia of bit rot or even complete jack etc.

The more friends I trust, the more often I am able to backup! Or I guess I could s/friends/places, but getting places with weather proof as well is pretty fucking hard without friends. I am still unable to determine if I should do a security deposit box as well. I suppose that depends on if I trust my encryption. Should I, am I, upgrading my encryption? I would think that I am using a fresh key and also truecrypt "format" for each and every drive. The Qt software needs to know the concept of the drive, which isn't hard considering I can tell him everything he needs to know :-P). Oh I meant to say I think I am using a new version of Truecrypt for the encrypt. I should keep that version of truecrypt around on an unencrypted partition (just not the "LOL"/"Archive" file) for each operating system. Actually I shouldn't because then it could be overwritten without my detecting of it with a virus copy of Truecrypt. What the fuck mindfuck. I think I've had this mindfuck before, it feels familiar. Hard to even explain it though I think I did before.


I think goals are helpful tools but you need relativity to have them which you sort of lose when you think on an infinite/*indefinite* time scale. So because the world is arbitrary and also my bitch, I am going to make it my goal to avert a natural disaster of which kind I have no idea that will occur in the year 183,000. Reality in some other multiverse is right now in the year 182,950. They have identified and predicted the natural disaster (maybe a massive meteor shower? who knows) and have targeted it, but are unable to escape it. Regardless of that, they still somehow have the ability to inject their entire fucking species/being ("collective conscience") into a single human in the year 1989 (my birthdate). They have 50 years from today to modify me at will to do their bidding in order to make this instance of the universe ready for the natural disaster that will occur. After which I have my free will back. My goal is to increase the global average intelligence through the use of computers and software (the latter being my primary domain) in such a manner that the problems that A_UNIVERSE_WITHOUT_ME would encounter during the year 183,000 are easily evaded.

PROVE THAT YOU DIDN'T JUST MAKE THIS UP (to yourself, but it applies to anyone really)

If nothing happens in the year 183,000 -- I was successfull :-D.

But I guess me being right depends largely on some large natural disaster detected and evaded due to superior technology. I'm not going to count on it because this is pretend, but I'm still going to brainwash myself in order to gain motifuckingvation. Damn I am lazy.