i feel depressed now
because i don't know what to do
lost even further
can't do what i want
fuck 2012

maybe


maybe that means i should lay low in private (publishing 100%, just privately) so i can do drugs without going to prison... until i'm revived and yea humans will be smarter and we won't give a shit and might even encourage it!!!

but how do i go "100% mode" in private?
with writing, sure... easy

BUT I FUCKING HATE WRITING
it's so damn slow
i want to speak
i want to fingers
i want to move about freely
dance in the woods (though i admit i want to do this one privately (maybe also with people, at times))

hard to do all of that with a private/tor/anon/pseudonym

even the video portion isn't ENTIRELY important
a screencast would do justice [most of the time]
but when i go outside in the woods etc
and shit, tbh i do want to film my emotional reactions too!
fuck it the video portion IS important

i can't do video with a private pseudonym
it's just a contradiction




i COULD, though it would be very very illegal (and i wouldn't be revived because of it), kill off DEA agents and politicians one by one until my demand is met: private/responsible/personal consumption of mind altering substances is legalized
YOU CAN'T CONTROL WHAT WE PUT IN OUR BRAINS

unfortunately it's ridiculously evil because DEA agents are just poeple doing a job. they don't deserve to be killed even though i disagree with what they do

the 'right' approach is to go through the system, try to get a bill passed
HAH, that's a fucking laugh
it won't happen in my lifetime
it MIGHT, i just really really doubt it
not for the crazy fucking psychedellics
took this long for weed?
i can extrapolate based on the intensity of acid/5meo-dmt: it's going to take a few hundred, if not a thousand or two, years
fuck.

then again we are at an exponential change thingo: i may be surprised
still, i'm not willing to WAIT UNTIL IT HAPPENS (whether i initiate or not, i'm still going to have to wait a really really long time (TODOreq: i should initiate it, or at least attempt to. fuck it))

is it considered a form of protest?
if i am trying to get the bill passed at the same time?
is it a form of protest?
i think it might be
i think it MIGHT qualify

could that be my ticket?
"personal/responsible consumption of mind altering substances is allowed BECAUSE you cannot control what i do with my brain/life"
the line might have to be heavily analyzed/revised... but i do think it has legal merit
i just think we have too many dipship politicians/judges/etc that it would probably never pass in my lifetime

am i still allowed to protest it?

i need to look up protest law
that one bitch got away with being topless as a form of protest... didn't she?

that could be the main objective of the launch
fuck all the other shit (though it's still definitely important)
main objective: protest mind alterations being illegal
it has changed my life for the better. my life has meaning now. i have goals and passions and desires and a burning love for all of humanity (well, except you bastards ;-P)
WOULD IT WORK???????

i... don't... know...

i'd very likely do prison time
at least initially
that prison time would just be time for my turnkey system to accrue moneys (unless they shut down my servers (actually that's very likely too lmfao))... but hard copy book sales would certainly continue... hmmmm...
is that my calling? a protester? trying to PLAY BY THE RULES and change them? (as opposed to dodging/ignoring them)

trying to pass a bill
and simultaneously protesting the laws in place

isn't that legal?
isn't that a constitutional right?

what are the restrictions?
the bitch got away with being topless

but OBVIOUSLY one couldn't try to get away with murder and claim they were protesting the laws against murder lmfao
there's a line
where is it drawn?
need to do research on protest law :-D
at least i have a fucking idea after all this typing/thinking
about fucking time.
(woot pays off i guess. just never appears to be paying off at first)


YESSHHHH, SEED = PLANTED.... bbl research