-1) I started riding my bike out in this general area over the summer at night time. Went north on power then south on usery mountain road/ellsworth then back home to gilbert (every time since I did it opposite, since it's easier). The first time was both the most amazing, most tiring, and most scary. When I reached the edge of the city and realized the desert was much closer than I thought, a sense of amazement took me over. I took off my shirt to cool off and coasted down power rd toward the river with no hands on mah handlebars (WOWOW uJelly?) and just staring off into the stars. I'm still not sure if I was just out of shape as fuck or if that way really is that much more difficult. My legs were killing me and the weird thing is that it hurt to stop peddling O_o. I was also too scared to stop and rest, so I pushed my bike when I couldn't handle it anymore. Maybe that's why I was so damn tired: fear made me push myself harder than ever. My leg muscles were spazzing out for quite a while after I finished. The fear, though, that was the worst. This was before I read about the "30 deaths in past 100 years" statistic. I was freaking the fuck out thinking I was gonna get pounced. I used only my extremely-dim-because-of-low-batteries bike flashlight (it's law) most of the way. Eventually I put on my fully charged headlamp (ohi it's lighting up this ebook reader's screen as I type) and laughed at the different levels of brightness between the two. I got so used to the dim'ness of the first one that I thought it was normal. Yea sorry can't really explain the fear. Can't really explain fear in general. Terrified. But I will say facing death makes you appreciate life more. I was so afraid it was almost like tripping balls. I zoomed in from outer space onto myself on that dark road all alone, envisioning my death over and over. It makes you feel so alone and helpless. It amplified that truth even when you're not bike riding in the middle of nowhere. "We all die alone". Fear fucks with your head. That first bike ride changed me. I was only sort of slightly entertaining the idea of coming to camp out here at the time. Now that I'm here I've done much scarier SOUNDING (it's all in the eye of the beholder) things: I've walked around _IN_ bulldog canyon with no flashlight at all. I was just saving batteries. You gotta get into the head of the animals. Most of them are afraid of me. Mountain lions are rare... bears even rarer. What I WON'T do, though, is sit/stand-still in the dark out here [without a campfire]. Walking makes you intimidating to them, sitting/standing not so much. Coyotes (especially packs of them) are my only real concern. Ok anyways back to the topic. While riding my bike around these parts (on the road) I saw a skunk and shouted "OH SHIT A SKUNK!" in a moment of panic. I was using those words as both a means to vent my fear and a means of scaring the animal away. It worked, he high-tailed it out of there. Heh that figure of speech is actually accurate: he did raise his tail and almost (may have~) sprayed. I saw another skunk up ahead too, wtf? Not more than a few hundred feet except this time off in the bushes instead of in the fucking bike lane xD. Speakiing of "in the bike lane", that first "amazing" ride down power made me think that I'd probably have crashed and gotten rekt if a skunk was in the bike lane or some animal darted out in front of me. I ride a bit more careful/slower now, at least at night time with a weak flashlight :-P. Ok back on topic: and not more than a few hundred feet beyond that second skunk I became afraid for some reason and turned around to see if an animal was following me. Fuck me, there was some large-ish animal in the middle of the road and it may have been following/chasing me until I stood up on my bike to turn around to look. It was too dark to see, but scared the fucking shit out of me. I peddled faster and tried to make myself look bigger by standing. A car passed in the opposite direction, I tried to use their headlights to see if I could see the animal, but I couldn't. It may have just been a[nother] skunk crossing the road... but it may have been my old friend Mr. Mountain Lion.


0) At my first campsite, the first morning after I moved out, a little bird was hopping through my campsite I guess looking for food (or a mate (what else is there to do)). He hopped into my firepit that was still hot from either earlier that morning or the night before. I'm not sure if he squeaked but he definitely reacted quickly. He flew over onto a nearby branch then bent his entire upper body over so he could geta good look at his feet. I felt sorry for him, but it was also kind of funny, especially the way he bent over to look at his feet. Sort of how a child bends over/down to do a summersault.


1) When I was at my 3rd campsite (I was changing daily for the first few days), which I stayed at for a few weeks or maybe a month or two I forget, a javelina walked into my camp and scared the shit out of me. I always thought javelinas looked like pigs based on what I'd heard about them (they are members of the pig family so yea~). What walked into my camp was no cute pink piggy. Was a four legged hairy beast with a long ant-eater like neck (but much larger than an ant-eater). My first thought was: "ALIEN!". I jumped out of my chair, whipped out my bowie blade, yelled/slightly-screamed at it "what the fuck are you!?!?!?" (again, both to release fear and to inflict it). I guess it didn't see me at first, but my yelling got it's attention and it squealed and hopped over a bush in the exact opposite direction of me. It was kinda walking from my left to my right, but then it turned to the right to see me (I had a fire going and everything) before running/etc. Took me a while to deduce that it was a javelina. Another javelina incident that happened the same day just a bit earlier than the coyote walking up to me in broad daylight in (4): eh I accidentally cornered some and they grunted and shook the bush they were hiding behind. It scared the fuck out of me because I didn't know what they were yet (mountain lion!?!?). I drew out my bowie knife and I think I might have yelled/made-noise to try to scare them I'm unsure, but I definitely picked up a rock and threw it near them just enough to scare whatever it was. 3 of them then darted out to the side and further up the side of the mountain (once they got around that cliff part I had trapped them in). One was a baby/child jav.


2) Almost stepped-on/got-bitten-by a rattlesnake while hiking. I stepped over a knee-high bush that he was using for shade and it scared the bajeezes out of me. My front foot was on a downward motion toward the ground but upon seeing the rattler I got an instant adrenaline rush and managed to shift my weight back onto my rear leg then use my rear leg like a spring and I probably seriously jumped 50ft into the air no joke. All within a fraction of a second of course. In case you're wondering, I jumped straight over the snake, not backward or to the side (had too much forward momentum). I walk slower when I'm off-trail (steping over bushes etc) now, but they're in hibernation atm so meh. The weird thing is that the snake didn't even flinch. I was expecting a strike (this why I jumped the fuck into the air) but there was nothing. He was probably considering it, but I guess I didn't get close enough to warrant it... or even a little waggle of the tail :(. I even wondered if the snake was real because it was so freaking still. Threw a rock near it to try to scare it, but it still didn't move wtf. I saw two more rattlers while under the bridge at pebble beach waiting out a thunderstorm, might have been the same night as "ping ping voom", unsure. They were up the burm way up next to the wall, I was down on the sidewalk and knew they wouldn't bother me. That is, until I smoked a bowl and paranoia kicked in. I kept hearing sounds down by the water and didn't want to turn my back on the snakes either... so with my headlamp on I did a continuous spin until the thunderstorm stopped. The people who sold me the smokes probably saw this spinning paranoid motherfucker and laughed their asses off.


3) Horses. horses everywhere. They scare me at night when I don't know what they are yet, and I scared them a lot at my 3rd campsite because it was next to one of their main trails. One day I got within 10-15ft of one as he was eating. I want to decrease that number until I can pet and even ride one. Thars an award-worthy pic of em drinking out of the river up on me website.


4) A coyote walked up on me in broad daylight. I could tell me heard me walking and was hunting me. We saw each other at the same time and he ran away in fear. I had a tiny bit of fear of course, was readying my knife... but it wasn't so bad and it ended pretty quickly. Saw another coyote in the distance once but he was pretty far away and running away from me. I hear packs of coyotes howling almost every night, sometimes they sound like they're tearing some unlucky animal to shreds.


5) A fucking skunk was getting into my food, tearing holes in plastic bags, and even coming back many nights in a row. At first I just said fuck it, but a few nights later I finally did more than just bang on my knife sheath with my knife  and bang on my tent wall with my hand: I went out with a flashlight/knife to see what it was. My guess was that it may have been a javelina or coyote, but my best guess was honestly a horse xD. The flashlight scared the skunk, and he high-tailed it out of there. There was a slight smell of his presence lingering after he left, but it wasn't a full on spray thankfully.


6) I saw 4 maybe 5 female (or just sans-horns) deer on a hill/mountain side. They were beautiful. I would have taken a picture if I had my stuff. I just stood there for a few minutes watching them. Could easily have keelt them if I had a gun/bow, but eh I had no desire to just saying that's how close they were.


7) A ground squirrel with giant balls (had:nuts) keeps walking into my camp mid-day. He's welcome. I watch him eat sunflower seed shells and pounce around on rocks and twigs like he's on the hunt. It's cute. I stay perfectly still and he works his way over to where I'm sitting. He was ~3ft from me today and he might have even crawled up on me if I didn't scare him off (out of my own fear) first. I kind of want him to climb on me for kicks, but eh I'm kind of a germophobe when it comes to wild animals.


8) Bald Eagle. wtf? I didn't even know these were present in AZ. I was waste high in the river taking my weekly bath and had just gotten in. I think he thought I was food at first because he flew almost directly above me. It's weird how calm they fly. Most birds flap constantly and flutter (change directions) like mad, this guy glides in obtuse semi-circles and let's the wind do most of the work for him. If there aren't bald eagles in AZ, then this was just some lookalike idk what it's called. But I'm pretty sure this was one: mostly brown body with all white head... also pretty damn big for a bird. I kept saying to myself in disbelief and amazement (contrasting the use of the similar words with different tone/meaning when I saw the skunk in (-1)): "holy shit a bald eagle...". Said it like 10x as he flew back up river from whence he came.


9) Last night I heard a giant enormous beast of an animal walking around my campsite and clearly sniffing my food (but it's covered so hah, he sux and couldn't eat it). I figured it was a bear because of the way it sniffed and fear took hold of me. This actually happens quite often, but I'm only writing this one because of what happened next. The howling started. Hearing coyotes howl off in the distance is a nightly occurance... but this time they were all in my campsite it seemed! Imagine the scene from Pee Wee's Big Adventure where he turns on the flashlight and there's animals everywhere. It was just like that, but with sound instead of vision and 100% coyotes instead of mixed. A lot of them were babies, but indeed the one just 5 feet from my head sniffing my food was an adult. Both before and after the howling my heart was racing, but there was a moment there after the howling started that I thought the adult there was signaling that he found a meal (me) and for everyone to swarm in and attack. Fear. Fear is kinda fun when it's unwarranted. The adrenaline rush is fun.... after the fact. I'm finding myself enjoying this specific fear (animals near my tent) more and more lately, I guess I'm just getting used to it. Multiple times I've found myself simultaneously afraid as fuck, with my hand on my racing heart and trying oh so hard to control my breathing (through nose only, since they might smell my breath)), AND excited as fuck grinning from ear to ear. I get this recurring image of a scene towards the end of the movie Ichi the Killer. The coolest guy in the movie is falling to his death and he's smiling and his last words are something along the lines of: "oh my god this is so fun!".


10) I thought for sure there was a bear in my camp going through my wagon of food. His footsteps sounded enormous and it sounded like he used his paw to pull/rip the motorcycle cover off the top. This was scary scary, not fun. I was glad he was so interested in my food wagon and not the tent just a few feet away. I did manage to control my breathing just fine. I thought he grabbed a snack and left (maybe it did), then came back for seconds 10 minutes later. The second time it was rummaging, I finally got the courage to unzip my sleeping bag, sit up, and peek through a tiny slit in the side of my tent that is covered by a rain tarp but that I can just barely see out of if I pinch the side of my tent with two fingers and pull it downward just below the rain fly (it's hard to do, and I still can only see the ground like 4 feet away and nothing above that). I remember thinking: "one false move that makes too much noise and you're dead". Well anyways it was just a fucking skunk. I was relieved and laughed and scared him off like usual. The fucker got my brand new bag of tortillas though :(, I just bought them hours earlier. The next day I lined the bottom of my wagon with some wood (there are gaps in it, like err uhh chicken wire but obviously much stronger/thicker).


9999) Reserved. This is the one that killed me. Sorry, I'm not available to describe it. Maybe if you're lucky there's some bitchin video footage.