Software News
libre
etc

I will perhaps become that
maybe worldly, but probably not
"approving commits all day every day" (as linus now does)
could translate into "TALKING ABOUT commits all day every day"
thus, software news...


also i think that the underlying software that i use for my medium being libre is a useful tool for other individuals to start their own news... CORPORATIONS(??? jk)... giving the power back to the people or whatever *insert-cheesy-line-here*
their news can/will be worldly


my name is what will retain
my name is the only reason it will work
broadcasting, etc
LIBRE means i can easily be jacked, yes
BUT NOBODY CAN BECOME ME
ABC will get profit because my stream will refer to it
the software for the stream, as well as abc, are libre
easily jacked
if no stream, no reason to stick with it
but MY NAME (d3fault woot) is what makes it stick
or whatever



i don't know where i'm going to broadcast at
d3fault.com/net/org?
nobodyme?


i kinda want to keep d3fault as the homepage for 'd3fault', the dream project... dht etc...
and also web-interface to it too?

i think d3fault should be both native (qt) and interpretted (js/html)


make a gui thing that can handle both, etc whatever. have thought about this lots


d3fault frong page should... show the stream?
ok so.... both?

but with nobodyme
idfk

d3fault front page is the 'profile view' of the 'software' (the js/html view of it)... DEFAULTING to user: d3fault
if they are logged in with cookies, it shows their own page (or perhaps any page of their choosing), just like facebook

perhaps nobodyme is the stream only?
the.... backed up... version of the stream...? stays online even when cluster goes down (bug etc)?
like the random 'live stream of [video-game x]' plastered on /b/ lately... with an ABC ad at the top :)

d3fault will TRANSFORM/upgrade/evolve _AROUND_ the stream (stream is always there), but nobodyme remains relatively static (aside from the stream lol...) and... empty (aside from one abc ad).

d3fault and nobodyme start off the same at launch i guess? i don't know what the ad slot would be labled. if they'd share one or if they each have their own

idfk