I have been dreaming a lot lately and have been neglecting to write them down out of laziness and bleh. I guess in a sense it's helping me rush to launch? It is a weird state of mind when one wants to train himself to be able to sleep talk, yet he must suppress it for the time being! It is slightly torturous. I've been thinking about that "gravity trap" I've set for myself. I acted it out metaphorically/physically the other day. I was standing in my room in the dark (doing more and more of that lately -- standing,pacing,sitting,etc) and saw myself falling down a laundry chute of sorts. No matter what I did with my arms/legs, I could not stop myself! This analogs my "gravity drop" into launching: I don't have a fucking choice at this point. My mind is overriding my [?? mind ?? body? idfk]. It's definitely overriding something though! I am in the most insane state I have ever been, the most confident state I have ever been in, and the most suicidal state I have ever been in. I am confident that someday hopefully soon (it is entirely up to me how soon) I will be the most sane I have ever been and the least suicidal I have ever been.

I am also quite lonely and every time I convince myself to talk to a girl, I convince myself not to! I think a relationship would be good for me at this point (a lot can be learned, they are fun, etc), but I also think it would be terrible because I'd be holding too much of myself back. I can't convince myself to be an actor in a (from her appearance) real relationship. I can't do that to her and I don't want to do it to myself. Perhaps that's flipped: I can't do it to myself (since it would possibly make me not launch?) and I don't want to do it to her. Fuck it. Fuck her. That's what I need tbh: A fuck buddy. Even though I crave a real relationship (***ESPECIALLY*** one where I can be myself!!!!!!!), a fuck buddy is more suited to... now. My not being able to express myself. Whatever you want to call it. Still, fuck buddies are incredibly hard to come by :(.

The train of thought:
a) Ooo she's pretty
b) Talk to her, don't be a bitch
c) Ok I think I'll talk to her! Nothing to lose right?
d) So what are you going to talk to her about?
e) FML I can't small talk and I can't [currently] deep talk either, so there is nothing to talk about! FUCK! I will not talk to her.



I tend to call myself a pussy for the amount of girls I don't talk to, but actually now I'm starting to side with myself (just how many of me are there!? What the fuck is going on in my brain I haven't the slightest (but I will add: this is fun)). My not being able to be myself and/or say ANYTHING really (for fear of 'leaking' usually) is "a" justification of this. Maybe I should just learn to smooth talk (aka: don't say anything... but say it very smoothly (politics etc)) girls to bed? And then my relationship is based on lies and BBBBBAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH. I guess I could smooth talk a girl into being my fuck buddy with little guilt. Ok, that sentence came out wrong. I can't smooth talk for shit, but I could be ok with it (so long as she knew she was only a fuck buddy).

Solution = Launch (even though it changes the problem (lol: atomically/instantly) to GoldDiggers, GOD FUCKING DAMNIT: i will die alone)