I think I speak less than I think I do.
I think I am speaking just by breathing and other random activities such as chewing gum.

I also think I speak more than I think (or "actually" (perceived? wouldn't that be think again? wtfz)) do, despite acknowledging this is a direct contradiction to the first ste- sentence. rofl. I think that my body language and rate of breathing CAN be read by an illuminati with huge assistance from software filtering in order to focus in on me. Why me? Because I am living in me and I am the only person that I can determine exists. But in order for the illuminati to exist, others must also exist. Unless the illuminati is just a metaphor and/or made up (but "real" in the sense that "think" is real(???or perhaps more precise)) construct (whether it is made up or real, it is a construct of my mind (paranoia will always exist and can be worst-case-scenario'd to illuminati (launch defeat illuminati by means of obsoletion (omfg i am so high O_O)))).

So right now I am somewhere in between "thinking far too worst case" and "not thinking best case enough" (best enough case?).
Fuck English.
self->born2Soon = true;

there is 'this' which is object level and there is 'self' which is ... database level (or at least dependent on).

sort of OT: you can click "Save" if you are running the exe version and you choose anything < DPL (so we should in fact have GPL/AGPL and All Rights Reserved -- they are both REALLY cheap to have and they are going to exist anyways and they do push more users onto the platform which those users just end up being dependencies because they are stupid but they will use free shit and we can always sell CDs in the store to attract the average idiot. that idiot then puts all their content under the dependency thingo of my softwares but i mean it's fucking free but you would still have to pay if you don't know how to code for someone to fix your shit so i mean the pc repair business gets it's fix as usual because i'll be damned if i'm fixing computers at that point)

or you can click "Publish/Save" if you are using >= DPL. You have to fork the software if you want to have Publish/Save allowed for content < DPL

since your content is coming onto MY network, I don't want anything that does not meet my sharing needs/requirements. It is a waste of bandwidth and disk space, and also creates gaps in the timeline because of DMCA compliance. Basically if you are not DMCA compliant, you are raided. So in best effort to not be raided, raid-able content is not allowed. That's not to say GPL is raidable, but it still falls short of my sharing needs/requirements.


RMS (imagined): "what are you doing, taking a stab at reality?" (he means it like planting a flag in nothing/reality) (if reality is nothing then what the fuck is reality? that question made no sense. the statement made no sense, but shit i just remembered my response to him was of more importance so fuck)
Me: "" shit i can't remember i am retarded

i should have a > 18 check, the exe version of which has a default selection on "Kid" (the other being ">= 18"). spacebar smashers exit the program.

I am passionate about creating. I want it and will it to be on on mode 24/7/365/death (which is hopefully indefinite (originally had written indeterminate or something)). I am in the bootstrap phase of my software creation days and it is a bitch. It's just not fun, plain and simple. I fucking hate low level network shit. I am so close to abstracting it out of existence (hopefully) I can feel it. The launch on the other hand is still a bit away (all I'm going to do is film/publish/share/sell-advertisements-on(oh-also-own-the-company) the creation of my imagination, which is a passionate pursuit. Drugs halp, but are not required. But damn do they help!!! They are like running your brain on overclocked except it has much better and cooler effects (which are impossible to describe (and once you try them, your descriptions are scientifically invalid to those who have not! (most of us pity you. you truly are missing out))) than just "running faster". I believe it is possible for me to be indefinite but it is also impossible for me to wait until I am thawed out. I want to say "I need to be careful" but careful is a tremendous slower-downer. Fuck you, careful! You keep people from living! I will depend on infinity, of which I am almost certain exists at the very least for TIME itself (and infinite multiverse theory derived therefrom).

I held out my hands and made a box around my monitor and said "I only real care about true freedom in this 'part of my mind'... so I have this body that the rest of my brain has nothing to do with. That is depressingly true. If I don't stand up, I eventually will not be able to stand up. I want to be like my grandpa and fight it until death. I want to stand on a mountain and watch the giant collapse happen (unless there is hope of escaping it, every avenue of which i will pursue) and just accept it (after of course determining if escaping the giant collapse is escapable (when i said it last parenthesis, i meant like if it was a flood and i just had to go onto a higher mountain lmfao)). You know, I bet [almost] every time a species is born in the "bang instance", we all go dancing furiously accepting it. Knowing it will all be OK because it is just a reset with a completely different VARIETY of evolution. I do believe in infinite multiverse theory, but I don't think the same exact instance happens every single bang instance. We have hugely different varieties each and every time a life form emerges. But on the scale of infinity, we also have to have the same variety twice, three times, and technically infinite times (understanding how it's technically infinite times is key to understanding infinite multiverse theory).

I would like to give Kaylee my body. Her will, my body. As long as I can code in that portion of my brain and have it sharing etc

Just don't go whispering into her ear "do you want my body?" rofl. I don't mean it sexually (though I ALSO do)

was thinking: "I want her to make a Ceasar out of me while I just sit there lolling and making code" but I realized that is a contradiction because I will be in control of my image/appearance if I am LAUNCHED because it is a public mode. I could only allow her to control my body in such a manner if I was periodically releasing condensed works (how most "mainstream media" shit is released) and kept my coding etc private. Even if I released code only, my being would seep out. I'd also have to keep thought private, which leads to paranoia of jacked. Launching cannot solve paranoia of assassination, but supposedly infinite multiverse theory (even the one recurring through time) can give the illusion of (or wait it has to be actual) solving the actual assassination. I say giving the illusion because you die in other ones but since you cease to exist when you die, you are essentially on PAUSE at the very last frame before you turn down a tangent that leads to you being dead, and remain there until the same exact.

The key is knowing if you are already past the turn down a tangent that leads to your death, because being able to predict that is a cool human feature that enables us to increase our chances of survival by taking/making/willing evasive action. That's sort of OT though, there is supposedly always a tangent wherein your death is never summized (until the collapse, every time (the only requirement for my being is to be born in/near/around/after the technology boom. oh boy is this shit fun and there is so much to watch unfold. breasts.))

There is still a lot of choice that I am pretty sure I still have with respect to shaping my appearance, should I will it. I am having a difficult time figuring out how to time them in a nice knot. tie*

fucking quantum computing seems so fucking close so your shit is about to be hacked and so is everybody else's so you might as well be ahead of the curve by a few years noob

at the very least, all stuff released under CURRENT encryption will be hacked. quantum computing will likely provide it's own secure-against-itself ENCRYPT, until quantum+1 (where silicon is (quantum-1)) of course where the same properties of "CURRENT" being hacked (quantum being current then too). So the only worry is that someone invents the next era of computing that is an order of magnitude faster than current and keeps it secret and fucking is GOD on your easily-realtime-decrypted-etc CURRENT encryption scheme. Then your "Launched" (DPL etc) would indeed be vulnerable. This is the purpose of periodic snapshots sent offline and not able to be brought back online without human intervention.

Right now even without quantum computing we are on a sliding scale of time that encryption can/does buy you with respect to how long you are willing to wait for it to complete it's operations. we can of course already do quantum-emulated computing (i would imagine (but we may need to figure it out first is the gotcha)), but the emulation would slow down the encrytion/decryption routines to way beyond what is a reasonable timeframe on our silicon chip machines. that same property also applies between quantum and quantum+1, which means that it also applies to silicon to quantum+1. It is only a matter of figuring it out! It also means that we can do ANY future discovered computing technologies (even if the previous two words are changed to better fit in the future) using 2013-CURRENT silicon computer technologies and software emulation. This is going to be a fun ride watching all of the eras unfold. I have just given my enemy the weapon of my demise (and I also don't give a shit (or do I (copies man, redundancy. If it is possible then you are doing it wrong and don't have enough. It should be stupid enough but not so much that it becomes a problem on the resources but on the scale of infinity, we will run out of matter! ROFL. I think by then we'd have figured out how to get it so small that it wouldn't affect us (hopefully?))). It is impossible to think about but also must be solved. It may turn out to be a complete waste of time, recording yourself. Surely it isn't a waste on the shorter time of things (sentence is broken), but maybe on an indefinite scale it is???? That would suck but I can see it as a truth because of the vulnerability I mentioned above. People are bored and evil enough to create companies searching for the new technology to keep it secret. I hope each time the answer is leaked (lol, "company") before it can be utilized in the GOD-mode-manipulation of our current encryption sliding window position.

Ultimately though it doesn't matter if we don't escape the big collapse. Perhaps we are waiting for ourselves outside the collapse perimeter, watching the latest and greatest "big bang" unfold. Perhaps we (the other instances of we) experience time on a completely different speed (whether faster or slower). They obviously have mastered technology, and I hope we do too. Maybe calculating a collapse is beyond their mathematical calculation abilities so the risk of death is not worth going in and interfering with each "bang instance". Maybe it is deemed not allowed among this surviving-instances-variations-government-agreement because they want chaos to act unfettered and our entering into it modifies it. But as I was saying, maybe they're too afraid it will collapse while they're in it trying to communicate with us? Maybe all we have to do is build the technology to escape and we will discover a colony of surviving variations (might be the first time we encounter aliens... there could likely be infinite variations of them (or just 5) ofc so the 'culture shock' to us humans could be drastic. i know it would be a mindfuck as it happens but i like to think i could handle trillions of alien species all being introduced at the same time). there might be a long period between surviving the giant collapse (or at least escaping it ahead of time (perhaps we can only know we survived it if we see it happen? (but also perhaps if we are close enough to see it, we are too close and die!))) and when we figure out the ability to contact the "colony of trillions". space "beyond the bang instance, which is pretty much referred to as a firecracker down the street (MFW)" is so vast that our initial speed at bang-escape (in terms of time) and communication range is orders of magnitude slower than everybody who arrives at the colony. There could be <large-number>(since everything seems so small on scale of infinity yet i can't say infinity!) of years where we are floating around, so to speak, until we figure out how to travel fast enough and/or communicate well enough to find the colony. On that note: fuck fiction.

I should make a t-shirt of that. On that note: fuck fiction.

Perhaps when we escape OUR giant collapse (the light is trapped and swallowed with the collapse so maybe the outsiders can't even detect life forms and again are too scared of entering or just are smart enough to know not to because it DOES modify it just when you enter it) then we have the speed/communication-range to make the bang instance (probably the only one we see) look like a firecracker down the street, when at the same time all of the area we explore during <large-number> years is equivalent to a pebble of sand on the beach an island the size of hawaii, where the center of town (aka, away from the pebble) would be in like the downtown or just center (mainly just a good distance AWAY FROM the pebble). Surely infinity factoring in means there COULD VERY EASILY have this situation at this very moment. We merely have to:
a) plz frozing work kthxbai
b) escape giant collapse
c) upgrade speed/communication by even greater order of magnitude (most likely, but not "NECESSARILY")

they are waiting for us.
Time is waiting for us to find it.
That's a cheesy bullshit writers way of saying "the colony of other survivors and perhaps even our identical twins (who may or may not arrive at the same time as you (lolwut (or: infinite twins arriving simultaneously wut? ok use <large-number> instead of infinite right there))).
we haven't survived yet!
we aren't guaranteed to (unless you use infinite multiverse theory and fully trust it)
I don't know if I should freak out and panic and work my ass off to increase the odds of surviving... or just relax and smoke a bowl because I have INFINITE time ahead of me. It is definitely one of the two or somewhere in between.
I like to think it's somewhere in between. I need to launch before like the next few years at very worst case scenario, but I've thrown myself into a situation where launching is what I desire most. Like, I hate the code I need to write to get there, but I am depriving myself of LIFE ITSELF in order to force myself to code to the launch... so that I may live better than I ever have before [in this bang instance, or at least this perspective of this twin!]. Am I just Steven? Is there only one of me? Infinity existing says NO. At least, that's what I've deduced. Not sure the whole of humanity would agree... but then again the majority of them believe in god so who gives a shit about their flawed opinions. I'm not sure other scientists would agree with me, but I do feel I have maths on my side... so if I have maths on my side then I don't need the scientists on my side? If everything you say is mathematically valid, you don't need scientists to test everything you say. Everything I say I try to make "compilable" but sometimes obviously shit fucks up in the design. When something is compilable, it's in a form of logic that is mathematically valid. Even if it is buggy in terms of what you want it to do, it still does exactly what you told it to do so it is still mathematically valid. You (the programmer) are the reason it doesn't work. I don't need the approval of anyone but my compiler for my "work" or "science" or "will" (some would say law, but I'd just say.... brainwash (in the sense that everything is)!) to be able to work. I don't need social communications to get a mental fix and to actually accomplish/do something (whether it's a small scale accomplishment is irrelevant, it is mostly just important that i am CREATING). I do believe that without social communications, a human is or becomes stupid (because technology always advances and you need social communication to find out about it (mass media is a form of social communication (and all your actions are logged on their private servers [...])))... so the best bet it so use Copyleft to our advantage to allow us to still communicate, but under our own terms! Translucent Software. When AGPL-like licenses factor in, they have real potential for awesome.