I handwrote a letter a few days ago to Kaylee and intend to give it to her. I used my skills of presentation (Cicero wasn't ENTIRELY wrong! Fuck you Montaigne!) to word it ever so carefully. Somehow sending her a stickynote saying "Will you still talk to me if I make porn?" wouldn't have the same effect (even though it is the purpose of the entire letter). There were also some gems (for myself) that I want to write down on my computer in case she doesn't return the letter (as requested). There was also tons of seed planting / nurturing that made it into it. I tried to give her a tiny bit of perspective into my life without saying too much. Also tried not to make her pity me.

Here it is:

Kaylee,
A glimpse/freebie into my future: I will be a Freedom of Information advocate. I have not begun to speak. I originally wanted your help planning my life (this, in addition to your beauty and loveliness, are(struck-out) is what drove me to asking you out), but I'm now quite sure the plan I've come up with on my own will work. Note: the main problem I have/had was TOO MANY ideas. I did not intend on using you as a crutch to feed me ideas (though they'd be welcome), I just wanted your help (still wouldn't mind it) whittling down my "life plans" (LOL) to something tangible. You also inspire me and motivate me, but that is besides the point...

However, there is a loose end in my mind that I feel requires your input. First of all, we already have a "relationship". We are cousins and there is nothing either one of us can do to change that muahahahahahahah. Second, I've decided that I'm willing to modify my behavior in order to maintain communication with you. You are worth it and free will means I can do anything I want (not modifying my behavior), including modifying my behavior. Free will would not be free if I couldn't. (ED NOTE (this isn't in letter): This was the most precious gem in the writing. I want to elaborate on it: Free Will (which MEANS "not modifying your behavior") requires the ability to modify your behavior! It is a self reference of sort. It kind of is like that "take nothing of mine out of context except this sentence" I wrote earlier. I can't pinpoint the properties they both share, but somehow they are similar. If I cannot modify my behavior by will, I do not have free will. It is the human/conscious ability to see our own future (will) to an extent, then to intercept and modify it (will: changing will)). To the point: there is only one part of "who I will be" that remains a question mark to me, and since it involves you indirectly I will in effect be letting you decide it for me. The subject is (this will probably seem out of the blue) essentially how vulgar I will be. This applies only to my actions: my thoughts and words are beyond your control (though I am willing to censor my words when in your presence or when communicating with you (as I already/currently do)). Left to my own devices, I can see myself creating what amounts to "obscene pornography" just out of sheer boredom (I like porn and always will). It has nothing to do with Freedom of Information, money, or sexual desparation. It will emerge out of boredom, free will, and a "why not" mentality. The only "why not" remaining is you. I have considered the fact that it will harm my advocacy, and quite frankly I don't give a shit. My advocacy will stand on it's own. Pondering whether or not you will sever communication with me, however, keeps me up at night. I have concluded that I can easily do without being vulgar. It is a miniscule part of who I will be that only becomes an enormous decision when factoring in our communication severence.

(next page, back side)

	I feel it necessary to re-state the fact that it will not be my primary source of income (software will). In fact, I will very likely give it away for free (ED NOTE: I definitely will be :-P, and free is intentionally ambiguious in that use lmfao I love foreshadowing!). It will be entirely for fun, and I can so very easily do without it. So the question that I'm asking you in order to help decide my own fate(struck out) future (fate != free will) is: Will you still talk to me if I make porn? Here are some stock answers to make this easier for you: (1) - Yes, I will still talk to you and support you no matter what you do so long as you "do no harm" (note: that is the only law I, Steven, live by); (2) - No, I will not because that's disgusting; (3) - No and please stop writing me messages, I only talk to you at family functions because I have to. Go make your porn because I don't care. Selection: ___. I will remain peachy/happy whether you choose (1) or (2). (3) will make me sad but I will not confront you on it and will leave you alone. Or you can write a response below.

	I think/hope that once I "begin to speak" that communication between us will happen more and/or naturally. At the very least, you will have something to respond to (I hate being so quiet to be honest. ALMOST THERE! Sorting this puzzle piece helps)!


Reality Is Fucking Awesome,
Steven
2012/01/14 9:30pm





/END-DOC



I folded it up like a finger football (or flag) and wrote on the resulting triangle:
s3cr3ts
(plz return)