i think there's a pretty decent chance that my 1tb drives are compromised. this pretty much means anything/everything before roughly a year ago to this day (i think it was november or so right?) is compromised.


everything up to then was mostly rubbish anyways. i mean hell yea tons of great ideas left and right... but way less precision in how i will maneuver/launch. if anything is being ripped off and stolen from, it is that.

everything since has used a newer password.



there was one point where i changed my password db to use a MUCH weaker password (my worthless password db) and AN IMPORTANT KEY (the 1tb truecrypt key) remained in the BACKUP folder. FUUUUUUUUCK. as for whether or not i am compromised is completely dependent on if my 1tb drive was 'backed up' during the time i was vulnerable. i removed it from the backup folder in keepass and then shredded the vulnerable .kdb


fuck you keepass, backups compromise.


it could even lead to my downfall. 'the fall of rome'. 'the fall of d3fault'.



but i cling to the fact that NOBODY GIVES A SHIT ABOUT ME


and i try to keep myself silent (despite the burning desire to the contrary) so as not to attract more attention.


my newer password is much less likely to have been compromised, but i still feel disgusting having my other data readable/DELETABLE like that. barf. fuck this world.


i need to launch for my own sanity's sake. if i don't i am going to definitely blow my brains out. there is no arguing otherwise. i am being squeezed into this launching. yet i want to be left alone. you squeeze me into launching and then squeeze me into silence. i am being squeezed. FUCK. is this where i start punching and kicking and shooting and screaming and killing.... all in the name of self defense? the way ceasar overthrew rome and was justified for doing so. i don't know. guh, i just want to be left alone and to not be losing my mind wondering if my data is about to be deleted/stolen/corrupt(BIT ROT FUUUUUCK). is that so much to ask for? no, it isn't. fuck you all.