not relating at all to my previous document ;-), my method of allowing myself to interact with the world around me in order to make certain compromises without broadcasting exactly what i'm doing is to essentially disable the transparency effect. i can have it on to do "prep" and then when i need to do the specific deeds that i don't want to broadcast (for one reason or another: i will promise myself to keep this to a minimum and not to take advantage of it (but i definitely acknowledge it is a vulnerability in getting OTHERS to be "100% truthful individuals")), i disable altogether the transparency and the only thing that is broadcasted is the operating system view (or perhaps just my face if there isn't anything going on in the operating system (motion detector software is my "switch to cam A, cam B, etc"). i either memorize my surroundings and learn to interact with them as if i was blind (something blind people have already proven to be possible), or i can even create one of those "virtual reality overlays" to help me navigate (gps/motion sensed? OR would it be "transparency + object placement to block 'whatever my hands are doing' ;-)? i like that second idea best TODOreq). to start with in the beginning i will probably need to memorize my surroundings and interact with them without sight... but ultimately it would be amazing to have it all set up through the virtual reality overlay (there is a phrase for this that already exists that slips my mind).


i would like to present this entire "operating system" to a blind person AS WELL. i will use visual abilities (screen to see OS) because i have working eyes, but i will attempt to make the operating system aOS(blind)/deaf(tts)/both compatible. both relies on vibrations alone for feedback and sounds (lol the worst pun ever right here) the most challenging (and also interesting/fun: FEELSGOODMAN.JPG sensory deprivation to the max... except physical stimulation (i've been thinking of this particular gem for a long while: put electric/vibrate feedback on my dick for...... who knows what but something big. perhaps a "return true;" type thing... hard to exactly define what it would be used for, but i'll think of something ;-)))