I feel inclined to utilize Capitalism because it works and because I won't lose perspective and become greedy (I hope). HOWEVER, the greed factor makes you a better capitalist!


What I'm trying to say is: I should be a capitalist and try to build the "robotic" auto-harvesting society. The best/fastest (questionably inhumane) way to grow that society would be to utilize capitalism. More money means more investments means more money [so on and so forth].

However I also feel I should share the robotic resource harvesters with the world as a whole. For free (as in price). "Solve world hunger". The problem is a matter of WHEN to start sharing? If I start sharing too soon, another capitalist will beat me (perhaps using my own source code (maybe Copyleft will save the day here!?!?!?!?)) by being a more successful capitalist because he remains in greedy mode. If I wait until I'm about to croak, I'll feel as if I was inhumane by not sharing my whole life (but perhaps I'll be the most successful capitalist?).

I feel inclined to utilize capitalism because I am humane. I am not greedy. I can see past/through money. It bores me. This is not true with most capitalists/humans. Hell, I could even be wrong with the analysis of myself and the money could consume me and make me greedy. Dollar signs in their/my fucking eyes (-Futuristic Sex Robotz). The endorphins released from earning money only contribute to it: make you more greedy. Earning money becomes fun. Money money money money becomes all you/they know and they die with it being the only thing in their sight. I know this to be true because I know people with this perspective. Both my parents and also my father's father. My mother's father has a better appreciation for life it seems. He's a retired vet so he's been living off that money for a long time, which is stable and allows him to focus his mind on other things such as hobbies and/or family. I want that stability and ability to disconnect and/or not give a shit about money. I want to focus on my hobbies and my family. You get a better appreciation for life if you don't have to worry about money. The problem is that most people do have to worry about money. This free market/capitalist society fucking sucks. It sucks the life out of 99.99999% (including that "1%" that idiots were protesting against about a year or so ago (still dunno wtf they wanted from that protest): they too get consumed by the thought of money only). It is a strong willed mind that remains disconnected from money. It doesn't matter if you're rich or poor. STABILITY (passive income, of whatever (enough to survive or more) amount) definitely helps a metric fuck ton. If you don't have to show up for a job 5 days a week for 8 hours a day, you can [blah blah blah do whatever you want without thinking about / worrying about money all the damn time].



So what will I do? Will I only concern myself with solving it (world hunger etc) on a micro scale and ensuring that the instructions/source remain libre? Let humanity as a whole figure out the macro problem on it's own?

I fear that capitalists will win, despite my free'ing of the information. They might even win BECAUSE I free the information (though Copyleft should help combat that: they have to contribute back if they use it!!!!!).



I don't know how we can/will transition into a peaceful robotic communism. It sounds like a tough problem that a lot of [idiots that are brainwashed by greedy capitalists (who control media)] will be against. Viva la revolution, etc. Fuck that shit. Not worth dying for. I hope I don't get sucked into it. I hope it doesn't "become my fate" because there's nobody else to do it. Fuck being a martyr. Fuck you all, leave me alone.

I predict I will be dead(temporarily)/frozen when all that shit happens anyways: not my problem. GLHF.