That spring that I mentioned a while back that is very tightly coiled... actually isn't. It is designed to be, it is meant to be, it is going to be. It will mathematically/probably fit/work. I am relatively certain that it will fit/work. However, the spring itself is being finalized. It is straighted out and each peace is being analyzed for integrity. The task of coiling it and compacting it into the launching bay/tube is still ahead of me. I have to hope the spring doesn't jettison out towards the side (nobodyme project) in the process.


This is what I meant by "I hope my code collapses onto itself". I hope it all fits nicely as it should. I think it will. My brain tells me it will. But I am new to this earth so I question everything including my existence. If it doesn't collapse nicely onto itself, it jettisons off to the side and perhaps even breaks! My whole project/life could be ruined because of it. Even if that happens, it still isn't worth killing yourself over. You can walk over to another area and start the process over (simplifying it) at any time ('jacked', 'bit rot', 'corruption', 'accident'). Life is more than this project/spring. Life is the 3-dimensional space in which this man assembling his coiled spring occupies.

The act of coiling a spring is complete bullshit. Business is bullshit. Free Market is bullshit. However, it exists and works. Fuck it. That or starve, hmmmm......
The free market demands I wow them with entertainment/show/something-stupid. I will oblige, but once I have completed my "spring thing", I hope to walk off into the darkness and take comfort in drugs and financial stability and freedom of thought. Right now I am only missing the financial stability (and because of that, I lack drugs frequently). I am incredibly lucky to have my parents here supporting me, otherwise I would not have freedom of thought. I wouldn't have freedom of thought because I wouldn't have so much free time. I'd likely be at some shitty job where my life and skills are sucked out of me for minimal pay (srsly, minimal. It is a law of the free market/economy).


I feel like the spring is going to blow up and launch straight into my face: insta-dead.
Fuck you, spring. I am a human being and jamming a spring into a tube perfectly coiled is well within the limits of the possibilities in the realm of physics.