my optimal future

1) move ram head to an unknown location. commit to [brain] memory ONLY
2) purge Passwords.kdb of Truecrypt password... as that has plenty of incriminating content. make it so the password for my offline comp contains the password for my Truecrypt 1TB drives. be careful not to lock yourself out of your data ;-)
3) get an STD test


...keep on coding....
regardless of the above 3
man i'm so fucking scared
of #3 mostly

my shotgun gives me comfort
so does knowing that i'll be dead before my shit is released (unless #2 ;-))
i'm a shameful bastard
i'm an idiot too

#1 is my least worrisome item


i put the chances of all 3 going 'optimal' at.... 1%
i don't get hacked, i don't have STDs...
man, that'd be great

i need to find out
wondering sucks.

kaylee doesn't even factor in yet
i just want her answer to know if i even have a shot in alternate universes
there are infinite
so that 1% will happen... somewhere...
i hope it happens in this one
i will it to happen in this one
but that doesn't necessarily mean jack diddly shit
but it also means everything
i hate being so uncertain of everything
i simultaneously live in both worlds
the best and the worst

I fear I may just have to shoot myself in the head and I'll never get to realize/actualize my dreams
oh well.

OH WELL????
that's all you have to say?
i mean, what else is there to say..
darn.
darnit.
lol.
fuck
man...
i just don't know anymore
i don't know what the fuck is going on
i know what i want to happen
i'm trying my best to will it
ok, maybe not my best
my promiscuity was never mandatory
i'm just stupid

defy all odds
defy math
defy logic
defy probability
i'm already here
so technically i already have

inifinite multiverses mean that a) i'll die lonely STD riddled death in many many universes _AND_ b) i will be clean and live happily ever after
i just hope my made up theory of always living (or continuing to live) in the best universe (the other ones die off and cease to exist) is true

but why didn't i win that remote controlled airplane raffle?