One cannot simultaneously care and not care. The moment you care even the slightest bit, you don't not care any longer. I care. I wish I didn't, but I do. My beautifully crafted (in the context of security) "care function": "err on the side of caring too much while attempting to care as little as possible" is the only way to live. Otherwise you either care too much or not enough. The function captures the sweet spot (and is dynamic). I hope to be in a position where I can not care 99.999999%, and be confident enough in the remaining percent that I do care to feel safe/secure/etc. I wonder/hope that I'm not losing out on something too important that can only be attained while not caring 100%. I worry that my lack of complete confidence in infinite multiverse theory is the only reason I err to 99.999999% not caring... and if I shouldn't (6 bullets in a revolver comes to mind).


I suppose the question really boils down to: Do I have the ability to kill myself? Doesn't infinite multiverse theory guarantee that, even if I put all my effort into it, I'll always fuck up the suicide in at least one bang instance? Yes it does, but that doesn't mean you won't be left as a vegetable in a lot (infinite) of them as well. Despite writing "yes it does" one sentence ago, I lack complete confidence in it for some dangling/missing reason. Perhaps humans will look back at this and be able to pinpoint it: "oh he was missing the consideration of 'blah blah blah something to do with chaos theory maybe idfk'".




Speaking of chaos theory, I just watched "Secret life of chaos" the other day. Aside from feeling paranoid jacked as usual (I'm starting to meh at myself (which is good): I didn't invent chaos theory. I didn't "invent everything". I need to squash all of my paranoia of jacked because it is unhealthy and stupid. The _ONLY_ way I know to do that is to launch), it was a pretty good show but I think they did a shit job of explaining "order through chaos". I've had previous thoughts on the subject before, but watching that show helped me collect them into a minimized format: Chaos until emergence of 'NATURAL SELECTION' (early life forms or ???) by sheer accident/chance, and from that point chaos continues and is naturally selected for what is "best". I would estimate that that chaos -> natural selection emergenece took a ridiculously long time, and that once natural selection emerged, it took an order of magnitude time less for us humans to evolve. That first "system" (natural selection) had to assemble purely from random/chaos... but from there it could even shape itself (make it's natural selector better (but definitely not limited to that: can evolve a fucking eye for example)) and the outcome is us (and what we will evolve into [by will or sitting around and waiting (I prefer will)]).




What is the rudimentary/minimal "natural selection" system? Can it be modelled programmatically ('PERFECTLY') or mathematically (sameshit really, cept programming is way cooler (uMaD mathfags?))? Obviously it has something to do with "Consume food/resources [to survive]" and "Reproduce [with DNA combining 'randomly'(?)]", but that's really all I can pull from it. Maybe that's all there is, but I still think there'd be a lot of... subsystems.... by the point where we can identify those two, that also need to be considered. Is not a subsystem also a system (it is to me!). Which system (or collection of systems) represent the minimal "natural selection" system? Perhaps even the NS system was wonky and not even entirely consistent for a few million/billion years unti it evolved itself into near perfection (what we see today/lately). Then, it being a gradual thing, we couldn't pinpoint a precise point where it is a "natural selection system". The very first [wonky] iteration would be a starting point, but it's reliability could be 0.0000000000000000000000000000000000000001%, which would still work given infinite time/etc... but would make simulating for human viewing/etc ridiculously difficult. Is a system that "naturally selects" only .0000000000000000000000000001% of the time actually naturally selecting? I think at that point, luck would factor in just as much. So luck + unreliable natural selection = more reliable natural selection. Chaos enters again (actually it enters EVERY time. It is our srand so to speak. It seeds our evolution, and natural selection chooses from it what it deems best. The process is, and will, continue infinitely. THAT, I am sure of. (note the lack of the word 'indefinitely'. I do mean infinitely. Our instance will collapse and will re-bang and chaos will do it's thang again and again and again [sideways 8]).




When you ask yourself "what is the meaning of life" directly after evaluating and understanding the above (starting with "speaking of chaos theory"), the question becomes silly and the answer becomes clear: there is none.