I keep thinking about this and am never on my computer when I do:

Which is correct?
a) You can never truly be happy (with someone else) unless you can be happy by yourself
b) To love someone is to not be able to go on living without them

Both seem true yet contradict each other directly!


After watching the movie Cleopatra I got some clarity on the subject. Part II was cool and depicted Antony very differently from the Rome tv series. The stuff about "what is your master" (love was his master) etc really hit home for me and made me able to answer those (a)/(b) contradictions a bit better. It all really depends on what you put as your master. I am very much reminded of myself as Antony and Kaylee as Cleopatra. I am willing to and have even attempted to let her use my body politically! I just want to code, be in love, and have bliss. Politics is bleh. I would "look back" and my actions would really reflect hers!

But since I can't be with her. Since she won't allow me to set her as my master... I guess I am my own master by default? "Increasing Average Intelligence of Earthlings" is my master because I deem it unhealthy/unwise to have none? idfk and arbitrary anyways :-P

So, (a) is basically learning to put yourself as your master and to put any lover as 2nd-in-line... where (b) is putting your lover as your master and yourself 2nd-in-line. They are contradictions because they both approach the complicated subject of "love" quite differently. I still don't have the contradiction solved, per se, but I understand it a little bit better thanks to that Cleopatra movie.



I want to be good because it feels good to be good. It is entirely self centered and I won't claim otherwise. Still, a side effect of it is that I "do good things for others". Whatever. Free Software makes it really easy to hit that side effect while still being entirely self centered (as we all are). Being explicitly NOT EVIL (or neutral) is basically the extent of my "rules on what to deem good". Still I think a lot of software I want to make can/will be considered "neutral". What I mean by neutral is not not choosing good or bad while doing an action, but not choosing any action at all! If you perform an Action and the Action is not evil, then it is good. No action can be neutral. Only doing absolutely nothing is neutral (and a waste btw).