As my logs(*) indicate, I've stalled and am wading through a swamp of my own FUD. I've never craved suicide so much, yet I brush it off instantaneously as impossible anyways. Gave serious thought to "proving IMT through 1/100 suicide machine". Gave serious thought to saying fuck all and just living in an air-cooled self-storage unit.

I'm definitely depressed. My dream doesn't sound all that appealing anymore (but actually still does, hard to explain). I've lost motivation and just want to sit comatose, perhaps in a K-Hole, for a few _YEARS_. Idk how but I managed to think my way out of most of this depression as of yesterday, but it's been lingering for weeks (as my logs indicate) and there's still a shred of it left right now.

My motivation is extremely low, but I know once I launch it will be boosted like fuck again ;-P.

Perhaps the most puzzling is my constant toggling between financial confidence and not. I'm either so sure I'll make >= expenses that I laugh at my previous worry, or I feel wretched/dirty/ghetto/starving/SCARED that the entire thing will be a flop and I'll go down in history as the stupidest person to ever exist (I'd actually be happy if I earned that title :-P). I wrote previously that if it fails I'll go into the jungle naked with nothing but a knife and a survival manual, but now I think I'd just move back home (if my parents would still have me after seeing just how fucking weird I am) and then go into boring-serial-business mode (outsourcing like fuck). Why don't I do that now/first, you ask? Because I don't trust myself to not get stuck in greedy mode. At least if I tried to launch first, then went into greedy mode for a bit, I'd have a reference point in my life of what has been attempted and so hopefully could jump back into it (out of greedy mode). I would hate my life if all I did was make money and was all private and shit.

I think a big piece of information that sort of [re-]kindles my motivation is the title of HVBS, which sometimes pops back into my memory such as now: "the _ONLY_ path to _SANITY_ is to make that (cameras all around me) definitely true". Greedy business mode provides no such sanity.

I should have outsourced ABC/HVBS (including continual maintenance of it). Couple hundred bucks, big whoop (I've spent way more on alcohol/drugs in the time it's taken me to write it myself -_-).

I've been sitting around a lot lately. Just sitting. Trying not to think of anything (or trying to think of everything). I've done more sitting and staring in the past few weeks than I have in my entire life. I've spent full days in the riparian reserve in a cool semi-secluded spot just sitting and drinking beer: that was my event for the day. Backpack, folding-portable-bleacher-chair, beer. Some variations of that same day included weed (got lucky and met some guy in front of a convenience store while buying beer (weird, that weed lasted so much longer than alcohol of the same price (fuck yea gravity bongs))), but most didn't. I'm now planning to do a sweat lodge in a tent (no fire because arizona is hot enough maybe?) one of these coming days, but worry about dying (have never done it) so maybe I'll invite Arby/Gerard to come along.

I hate how Native Americans are all fucking biased and shit. They use words like "spiritual" when talking about peyote and sweat lodges. YOU FUCKING IDIOTS: YOU ARE JUST TRIPPING BALLS. Admit it, drugs are awesome. I read a few guides on sweat lodges and such, and they all claimed it was a spiritual and/or religious ceremony and blah blah blah. QA FAQs asked why anyone would do it, and the answers were always like "spiritual" etc etc. Makes me want to vomit. They'd quote "Native American GURUs" (I fucking hate the word guru, any idiot with a hat can claim it) saying "the white man should respect our traditions" or fuck I don't even know what. One article even had the balls to say that sweat lodges were INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY of native americans. Suck my fucking cock you stupid fellow earthlings. I'm completely surrounded [...].

Anyways, try as I might I never once found any of those QA things saying "THEY ARE GETTING A SEMI-NATURAL _HIGH_ BY DOING A SWEAT LODGE YOU DOLT, WHY ELSE WOULD ANYONE DO IT?".

Funny, the fact that erowid has an entry on the subject tells me that much (but I also sort of already knew it just by thinking about it with common sense).

Spirits and spiritual: ill-defined, so fucking vague and subjective. GHOSTS??? or just err a one-with-the-world kind of feeling? I can dig the latter, but please call it what it is: TRIPPING BALLS AND BECOMING ONE WITH THE WORLD.

Bullshit that Native Americans can do peyote legally, but I'm actually just completely jealous.


I'm scared and depressed. I'm starving my own expression. Every solution I theorize, I always conclude: "IT DOESN'T MATTER, JUST FUCKING CODE!! (releasing implied)". It's my only path to a healthy and fulfilling life. If I had never thought of it I'd probably have something else, but now that I have I can't ever get it out of my mind. If I opt towards some other life, I'll live the rest of my life depressed knowing what life could have been. It's a suction as I've said many times before. I do in fact want to commit suicide. I do in fact want to just make boring/greedy businesses serially. I do in fact want to isolate myself in a sound proof box in a self-storage unit. But I can't because I'd depress the living fuck out of myself for bitching out on my dream. I'm trying to jump back into code mode, but can't or something. Trying to write the install/run tutorial for abc/hvbs, but I keep writing these stupid documents complaining about how