I was excited earlier (hella fucking excited (typo: hello)) when I was like lost in thought and then thought of something cool to write down and then looked at my monitor and Mousepad was already open and ready to be used and I just began typing. It was like a small gift to myself because I just had it up to make the screen darken lmfao. My theme is dark atm. So much easier on the eyes, just as easy to read. Anyway I want to launch and build/use fingers soooooooooooooo fucking bad why can't I just oneshot this stupid fucking business and rpc generator and dht bullshit I mean I am fucking god I can code anything that I can conceive of, or that others can convey to me. I am retarded for taking so fucking long but meh I'm a stoner, that's my excuse. Could have had the best life ever but instead sat around and got high.

OR: Sat around and got high and so he didn't die because he wasn't out having the best life ever which happens to invoke death

Bored himself to death in the process.

I definitely want to launch. There is no else.

It makes me feel warm and fuzzy to know the words are saved. I can't explain why. Maybe it's because the knowledge of their (!?) eventual publication factors in, but it's a more... permanenting... feeling.

To know that you are an elite hacker in your day and age, to only be 24 and to have to much direction/potential/ideas and to know what you want to do with your indefinite life [for now]... is amazing. I don't think most people ever experience what I am experiencing or going to experience in their entire lifetimes. I thank (typo: think) the drugs. I got a good batch. A good mind and some drugs that remind me of candy. This instance of evolution kicks ass. At least for me it does.


On one hand, I have all the time in the world so I should attempt to write perfect code (complemented by perfect design (and perhaps complemented by perfect documentation though this comes last i'd say)). This is only once I retire though :(.

On the other hand, I want to retire ASAP so I feel as though I need to code STAT. I don't even know what STAT means but it means fast.


HOLY SHIT
that contradiction explains the slaughtered feeling I've been.... feeling lately. Like torn in two. I am trying so fucking hard in my forelobe to write this code STAT, but I've also in another portion of mind (subconscious accepts it too?) realized that I am indefinite and that really there is no rush?

There is not a rush, but infinity factoring in or not: doing nothing is almost always a waste of time. Doing nothing is a good idea when it is a form or relaxation and reflection [WITH NO PRESSURE FOR RESULTS].


STILL: MANUAL OVERRIDE ENGAGE~ Dear Steven, sprint this retirement/launch plan so that you can relaxedly create code for the rest of your life [and do whatever else the fuck you want].

Don't go for perfect, but go for working reliably most of the time. Hacks are acceptable [for now] though frowned upon.