Strictly speaking, we only ever have 0% proof that fearing death will keep _US_ (first person singular conscience) alive. Once you get any proof at all of it, you hit 100% proof and are dead (and unable to analyze your results).

I think I may have worded that poorly.



You fear death because your ancestors feared death and it became/emerged-as/is-genetically-programmed-to be or is for what is am be in to [WAT LOL] ... passed down generation after generation.


Bear with me, this is some difficult thinking. Your ancenstor's feared death and on a macro scale this did in fact benefit their DNA bloodline. You are, by several orders of magnitude, more likely to be born into a universe where your ancestors feared death (and it is both naturally and nurturally(sp?) programmed in you to do so). BUT THAT DOES NOT MEAN THAT IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO FORGE AHEAD, NOT FEARING DEATH, AND TO STILL SURVIVE. Those universes appear so few that Calculus mathematics would even try to rule them out of existence altogether.

Infinite time.
Since it is possible [in the laws of physics], it does happen eventually.



Perhaps it takes logic + willpower (my tools) to understand and to harness, but I can also imagine a species/being/lifeform may have "accidentally" harnessed it during it's early stages of evolution. We are not that lifeform. We fear death.


Getting slightly OT here: I suppose it boils down to this: If there is infinite space (and I think it's given that there is infinite time): we are PROBABLY unique/first-timing right here and now (though even under these circumstances, you COULD repeat (and definitely will eventually because of infinite time)). If there is not infinite time but only infinite space, we simply repeat infinitely.

Infinite (had:Infinice) space..... I just don't know about this one....


I cannot comprehend an end to outer space EITHER... but I see us in an outwardly exploding (and eventually collapsing) sphere of....... more concrete matter.....

Emptiness (beyond said sphere), even if qualifying as matter, is like padding with [infinite] zeros imo. The relevant portion of the data (the concrete matter that is our "universe" and outwardly (for now) exploding sphere) would then be finite (even if the amount of matter is a grossly huge amount and we can't wrap our tiny human brains around it) and there would be a finite amount of configurations for each piece of matter. X,Y,Z,type -- or whatever (I am no chemist).


I also speculate and am leaning towards believing that... if there is infinite zero space beyond the sphere, that somehow time stops and/or slows down more and more the further you go out into it. Or perhaps I don't mean time but I in fact mean "the distance you travel". Like the log function or something.

And perhaps even the concrete matter expanding into that zero space un-logifies it (because of... GRAVITY!). This is all speculation, theory, and made up pulled out of my ass. It may or may not be (weird how both "right" and "wrong" both fit here).



Infinite space, infinite time: I _CAN_ repeat so the harnessing still applies.
Finite space, infinite time: I am always repeating so I should definitely harness (this actually does apply to infinite space as well I guess).

It is scary to traverse logic in such a way. Wrong = dead.

^^^^Haha, I unintentially feared death in that sentence! Was just speaking my mind.



If there is finite space and finite time: HOLY SHIT WHAT IS THIS OH MY FUCKING GOD HOW DO I FUCKING FREEZE THIS "OPEN"/ALIVE/BANGED THING PLEASE DON'T COLLAPSE HOLY SHIT WHAT THE FUCK MAN THIS IS THE COOLEST THING EVER WHERE DID I/WE COME FROM WHO CARES BUT WE NEED TO STAY ALIVE AND YES THAT WOULD IN FACT MEAN YOU SHOULD FEAR DEATH TO THE POINT OF NEVER GOING OUTSIDE AND LIVING IN A NUCLEAR BUNKER FOR YOUR WHOLE LIFE ETC ETC ULTRA PARANOID. MAYBE YOU CAN COME OUT LATER ONCE SHIT HAS SETTLED DOWN IN A FEW THOUSAND YEARS :-P.


But the question: what happens before time begins or after time ends?
Is a logical contradiction (as stated long ago). "before" and "after" are both time-based questions... so fuck you! They don't make any sense so using PURE LOGIC (ugh, wish we had something better) we can conclude there is infinite time.


I'm just scared. Fucking scared. I am scared of not being scared.


"Being scared has gotten us this far..." --A counter-argument (or just an argument if you're a normal human in 2013).

BUT HOW MUCH HAS IT HELD US BACK!?!??!?


Fearing death means we are not aiming upwards. We are only just trying to float above zero but never above 50%. Guh analogy fails because then what is exactly 50%? One cannot simultaneously fear death and not fear death. Fuck it you get the point.


Random/OT: Suicide solves nothing, but there is nothing to solve anyways.


Back on subject (but the word "suicide" made me re-remember the above OT): I am not suicidal, but I think I would allow myself to commit suicide if it was necessary to test the harnessing theory. What I mean is: eh if I am wrong... that's ok because there's still plenty of other derivatives and lifeforms out there that are still fearing death and meh it's not like my life is that important anyways (except, you know, TO ME!!!! is the most/only important thing... TO ME).




It's the craziest motherfucking gamble in all of existence.


I can never help others with it as well. It MUST come from within. They see me after a lifetime of forging and since I have not broken any laws of physics, they still have doubt that I'm not just "really lucky" (although I am at the same time (or something)). I can't even prove it to myself. I will always have a fear of death stemming from that shred of doubt that maybe I've just been getting lucky this entire time. BUT THAT IS EXACTLY THE POINT. I am trying to...... logically...... grab hold of... that luck.

Chances are 100% that, if you're reading this, every time you've had a near death experience, you "got lucky" and made it through it somehow. I bet your peers (doctors/etc) even said stuff like "you're one lucky guy". I know I've heard those words muttered to me.


My brain segfaults on this subject. I want to be certain of it but that is impossible. That I _AM_ certain of my own death makes things even more difficult.


I do believe my logic compiles, however. I believe if I ran a program simulating what I am saying, that it holds true.




Existence has a probability of 1.
Life has a probability of 1.
Infinite multiverse theory has a probability of 1.

I was meaning to write the 2nd and 3rd as ".00000001%" and ".00000000000000000000000000000001%"... but then I remembered that any/all values > 0 when dealing with infinity... are just 1.


Still, try to understand what I was trying to say: We, RIGHT THE FUCK NOW, live in that second statement. "Life is rare" yada yada (it isn't). Ok to rephrase: life takes a (human relative) substantial amount of time to emerge (and re-emerge). There are (human relative) substantial gaps between life emergences.


We BARELY comprehend that and so we think that life is the rarest of all! Surviving without fearing death (which I hypothesize is a better way of living (fuck paranoia/etc)) is..... an order of magnitude more (human relative) rare. To the point where Calculus majors would try to say it's a 0% chance. Well fuck you Mr. Calculus... life has a 0% chance of emerging too! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I have done it. I have gained a tiny bit of certainty for myself. This doc has just proven itself worth it to me.

(Still barely any more confident though fml).




Since infinite multiverse theory is possible (it does not break laws of physics) and since there is infinite time (can't not be), it is true. I feel like I've written that tons of times before (in this instance, not just in the infinite multiverse theory sense (lol pun)).



SO FUCKING HARNESS IT. UNPROGRAM YOUR FEAR OF DEATH (gah, but what about the snake or revolver scenarios??????) ----- fuck I'll stop typing now that I hit that parenthesis (again).


if(you must evade death when you see it coming)
{
	you fear death
}


if(you don't evade death when you see it coming)
{
	you're stupid and don't value life and then just die (at least in that instance (but we are composed of infinite singular instances))
}



This is getting stupid. I keep saying the same things over and over and contradicting myself in the same ways over and over and even pointing out all of the above (like right here) over and over. What the fuck.