I refuse to subject my brain to information that cannot be shared and/or derived (with even option of selling (the option is important, but I will not use it)) because it CREATES boundaries of your own mind that you must then avoid when trying to produce art. Making music, you have to avoid anything that resembles a copyrighted jingle. Painting a picture, you have to drawing patterns or figures that resemble copyrighted works. The list goes on for all categories of art.

In programming there is a thing called a "clean room implementation" that makes certain that a reverse engineering of a proprietary API was not implemented "verbatim" _THROUGH_ the reverse engineering itself. The reverse engineer has his "mind" corrupt (it would be illegal for him to attempt the cloned implementation) but he is able to pass along "messages" (API design, etc) to a person in a clean room (never looks at the proprietary binary, never installs the proprietary binary, and usually most importantly never accepts the EULA for the binary). I might have the details off in describing it, but the idea is to put myself in a permanent clean room where the only thing that _EVER_ touches my brain is.... clean-room-acceptable stuff.

An example I thought of just a few mins ago of something that SHOULD be clean-room-acceptable but isn't: the president (federal government employee) draws a picture of Mickey Mouse. It would probably still result in copyright infringement or at least trademark violation.

Also I can't remember if I wrote about it or only thought about it but PARODIES (and their cousin whose name I forget) are not clean-room-acceptable. OK some parodies will be (especially parodies of clean-room-acceptable stuff, but that isn't the point) allowed in: if they do not use _ANY_ trademarked, copyrighted, patented (patented probably doesn't belong here) art in their works. But the whole point of a parody is to make fun of something else... so there are very few that would fall into that category. A simple music video parody CAN utilize the music on a 1:1 basis and only signifnicantly change the video to parody the original. THAT form of parody is NOT clean-room-acceptable because the parody music video cannot be decomposed into it's two individual forms (video + music) without the individual music component (when separated from the parody video) BECOMING copyright infringing. Such a stupid world we live in (although I do agree that parodies should be an exception in it (but that doesn't make it any less stupid)).