a lot of contradictions lately, fuck
can't write/code when parents are here either, fuck
christmas break coming up (they'll be home a lot), fuck


contradictions:

-not willing to MENTION (acknowledge existence of) proprietary products
-i still want to use cholula hot sauce (for example, among many many others)

-security/privacy
-security/nukes
i feel as though i recently flip flopped. like i support CIA wiretaps all of the sudden etc...
except i still acknowledge the paranoia involved and have an solution to it ;-)

-food robots, solving world hunger
-'faucet' on full blast = instant overpopulation = running out of water
perhaps we need population control like china, except that's also inhumane as fuck (i guess this is a contradiction also lmfao)

-securely isolated (bunker etc)
-medically saveable (heart attack etc)

-aiming for/wanting 100% mode
-clearly not getting it. can think of numerous things i'm going to censor
i know drug dealers, but i don't want to out them. is NOT TALKING (pleading 5th) taking away from that 100%? i'm definitely willing to sacrifice some of that 100% for my ability to DO drugs, but there are plenty of other things that bump me away from 100%. 100% is boolean. if i cannot achieve it, should i still try? it's the same as with perfection. i think the only way to truly live in 100% mode is to be born into it. it is too late for me, and current society (bullshit laws about no drugs etc) won't even allow me to...





i guess i'll just have to live with contradictions. try to live as close as possible to 100% mode knowing it's unattainable. it's like being willing to be proven wrong. you can sit in silence indefinitely and never be wrong (or right), or you can forge ahead. admitting when you are wrong is something else entirely. i can/should/will admit when i contradict myself (when i detract from 100% mode). by admitting the contradictions, i am regaining some of the percents i have lost. "i am censoring myself right now [in order to not go to prison, etc]". saying WHY i am censoring myself should not reveal the thing i am censoring. i need to be careful with my words



FFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKK
see this slippery slope? 'careful with my words'.
fuck.
it is NOT 100% mode
i need MINDDUMP
NO FILTER
NO PRE-THOUGHT
VERBATIM
god fucking damnit, i need to go live on mars in a couple thousand years from now



i'm going to fail
i know it
but...
...what else is there?
not trying?
bah. fuck that. kill me now instead.