Oh yea forgot a huge modifier to that thought: And so starts the era of Steven, AGAIN.

Found out that I don't need to get RMS' permission to derive the GPL :).. just need to change the preamble which I've incidentally already shittily started.

Also found out that for copyright ENFORCEMENT (which is a huge deal for copyleft, otherwise wtf is the point of the copyleft to begin with) it is.... crucial and/or extremely helpful to have the copyright assigned to a single entity. For a copyright infringement claim, "successful enforcement depends on having the cooperation of all authors". Fuck my fucking life. I don't know what I'm going to do about that, but the first random idea that popped into my head was: add it as a clause to the license. Since the license will be used mainly only on MY network, I could require copyright assignments (for the modified parts -- not the stuff linking to it as separated by the LGPL shiz) as one of the terms. I think this is a somewhat shitty idea, BUT I could highlight (just thought of this as writing actually) the fact that the "or any later versions" clause essentially already gives me the power to put all of your modifications in the public fucking domain!!!!! RMS has this power with any/all GPL/LGPL/AGPL/probably-GFDL(haven't read it) licenses... which is weird considering so many companies depend on it (him) for their businesses/livelihood. But yea anyways I hope/plan to live all the way until the "big collapse" so I mean giving me power/copyright (SAME SHIT. power = "or later versions", copyright = "meh"(i only use dpl anyways sooo)). This is a huge deal and I need to put a ton of thought into it and I'm not even sure a copyright owner can SIMULTANEOUSLY claim copyright (publish a works under a license (when the license assigns his copyright to me)) and [well you see the fucking race condition/dependency error (idk wtf to call it)]. I don't want to be a whore of all content by requiring copyright assignment, but I also want to be able to enforce the copyleft!!! I also also want others to be able to enforce it too! What the Fuck? Do they act in my name by using "my lawyer" to enforce things that... I'm just too busy/lazy/etc to pursue myself? I mean I'll probably have a lawyer act for me during the ones I personally give a shit about, so do I extend the same courtesy by allowing anyone (who assigns copyright to me) to also... "use my lawyer"? I mean technically I'd just have a "legal department", but that implies I am incorporated and/or a business... which I never ever want to do. I need to help the rights of the singular man. The corporate entity has too much power in this day and age and it's utter bullshit. I will hire a lawyer and he will represent me only during cases.

Started merging docs that have short blurbs where the title is about the same length as the doc (I still randomly pound the keyboard for my filenames at this point fml)

My target audience is myself re-emerged. Even though all this won't be available in the next bang-instance, I only need it to be understandable impecably by me. I think I use too much sarcasm that makes sense as I write it, but could probably confuse even myself as I re-read it. Still, I enjoy using sarcasm as I believe it tickles intellectual's funny penis. I don't want to be oversimplified because then it won't be any fun. It should be understandable, including sarcasm that isn't TOOOOO subtle, by me, if I ever re-read it (I [probably] won't except for dreams/trips/drunken-blackouts).

DPL carves it's own "free" niche/corner/segment. The GPL has it's own, and it's large, so it seems like I'm not playing fairly etc. We get all of the benefits of the GPL with the exception that proprietary apps can LINK-TO any of them and always will be able to. We're not "first to market" (damn he was born sooner (but also not damn because I get to live longer (unless he freezes himself too, then he gets to live longer by exactly however much older he is than me) and utilize software that simply wasn't available back when he was my age: he had to create it!)