Embrace logic.

An artist can (only?) express themselves and/or communicate with the world around them (maximally) using their specific art form. Though I do wish to learn other subjects such as physics/chemistry/music (to name a few), logic is life is the essense of consciousness. Code is logic is my art. I am an explosion of lucidity and understanding, and I can share these feelings/thoughts with others much more accurately using simple, small, precise, explicit wording. "Art speaks for itself"; the reason the painter doesn't explain his painting is because he cannot. The painting is his attempt to explain the painting. My art is logic, which just so happens to be easily documented, written down, and shared. Logic, unlike a painting, needs no further analysis/explaination... because it is an explaination (of itself?). It is an explaination that (coincidentally?) uses the native tongue. Because it uses the native tongue, it is much easier to share than most other forms of art. The counter argument saying that video/pictures are easier to watch than reading a bunch of words is, though true, misses the point entirely. Logic can be expressed in video/pictures/music/anything. What I am saying is that "to be able to understand EXACTLY what the artist is intending/saying/whatever"... something difficult with other forms of art... is done PERFECTLY through logic (because it uses the native tongue).

Semi-OT: even the writer does not attempt clarity in such manner. The writer attempts to beautify the wording for your amusement. To feed your brain artificial stimulus and to let it do the rest (the brain is quite powerful and does a much better job than pictures/videos most of the time). The writer adds complexity through detail to create a pretty picture in your mind. The logician attempts to remove complexity by unraveling/explaining it. Their goals are different: amusement, understanding. Before a handful of writers get their panties in a bunch: yes, beautiful wording also helps with understanding... but more in an investment/long-term sort of way.