Extremely neutral kaylee "oh are you coming?". It was confusing, here's the full-ish story: Playing with Caydon at my/parents house pretty much all morning and mom asks if I want to go to the park with Kaylee, her daughter, Lauren, and Caydon. I don't know who came up with the idea initially, and I don't know who came up with the idea for me to go too. May have been Kaylee, her mom, or my mom. ANYWAYS so she gets here and like my mom asks me to get the child/booster seat out of a car in the garage. I do and back in the house it just seemed kinda strange that Kaylee took it out of my hand right in front of the front door. I just felt..... not invited in general. The body language you know? I was wondering "does she even think I'm coming"? And then like as she's walking out the door and practically shutting she like looks back and says "oh are you coming?". It was fuckin sooooooo neutral that I didn't even know how to interpret it. I just walked out and basically answered yes that way :-P. Ehh yea to describe what I mean by neutral: It was 'perfectly' in between "Oh, You're Coming? I had no idea" and "You coming? What's the hold up?". The ambiguity of her words are admirable, and so was the neutrality!!!! That was my first thought, to admire the neutrality of it. It seemed like something I'd [intentionally and manipulatively] do in some situation X. The more I thought about it though, the more excited I got ;-) (hence writing about it). I concluded or whatever that her neutrality is a sign of interest. I mean the day spent with her/the-kids yesterday was probably one of my favorite days of my entire life, even up there with some of my favorite drugs trips :-D (probably better than a good amount of them). If she was not interested in me, [... wait no i need to do a grid with 4 potential solutions and show how "neutral" is an unmentioned 5th or w/e something along those lines... ]

Me = Mellow Hyper - Relaxedly Adrenalize Yourself - alias/show-name/something-who-cares-what-it-just-sounds-cool-because-complete-contradiction-yet-still-makes-sense-to-a-human(sorry-robots-reading). I want to retain my calm as I "dance" (or do anything) viciously. Calm is a mental status, whereas adrenaline relates more towards your "feel" (which is still mental, but APPEARS to be body/physical) (even though adrenaline also alters mental status as well lawl)

Lauren: "It's a free world", Me: "nah it's only a free country". I never thought about how true that is. I am spoiled/bias/whatever to be here in the USA in this day and age. I don't know how good I have it, and those who had it bad don't know how good it became (because they are likely dead). Sucks for them! lmfao. I am indefinite :). I don't like any modern day politicians etc but I should say thank you to the earlier ones who actually did shit and put the framework in place [that modern politicians are just fucking up and/or exploiting flaws in (because nothing is perfect)].