i don't really feel inclined to be a formal politician
but i do feel obliged to it
i feel as though it could help me get a lot accomplished [faster]
uprooting the government is a lot easier from the inside
the world is ready for a transparent politician
i should keep a list of my own "wrongs", not be ashamed of them and try to hide them
i can/should/but-might-not also keep a list of my fellow politician's wrongs as well
i should hold people accountable and call out their bullshit
the current state of politics is disgusting


however i also feel as though politics will be really really dull. too time consuming and i might not enjoy life (code, music, etc)?


i feel obliged to society/humanity but i also feel obliged to myself!

my "pivot" and/or "change of direction" to the world as a whole *MIGHT* be greater if i utilize/harness the "formal politician" route
what that means is basically:
1) people will be smarter when i am unfrozen
2) ^or i'll just be unfrozen sooner
3) ^^since i am unfrozen sooner, it shows that human intelligence boomed faster and that decreases the "window" where nukes might go off, increasing the overall chance of survival
4) this government is bullshit, but joining and changing it is a lot better/SAFER than trying to "overthrow it". i would only ever "overthrow" it (even if i WAS A PART OF IT!) by joining the side of human society that has >= 50% of the voting power. a global government truly run by the people, for the people. d3fault is intended to [ULTIMATELY, THOUGH DEFINITELY NOT INITIALLY (soooooo much work to be done)] be said software. this is not treasonous (though my adversaries will probably try to claim it is (hurr predictable (DON'T KILL ME :-P))), and is much easier to accomplish if i am INSIDE the US government (basically the rulers of the world, just like rome back in the day). being a citizen should be (is) enough, but being a formal politician definitely gives you more leeway/power (THOUGH IT SHOULDN'T). it is a bootstrap. harnessing power that is there that i hope won't be there in the future. just like how i'm riding the bitcoin wave :-). fuck it~



i refuse to be a different person and if that means i am not elected, i won't give a shred of a shit
speaking of shit, my next doc is going to be on vulgarity :-D