reality is only as real as you understand it
so i guess my reality is potentially the real-est?
i think some physicists/chemists/biochemists/etc could probably definitely compete
i have a logical understanding. i have a rough software implementation of the entire fucking universe and it makes sense... in my head..
whereas they each have understandings that i can't even really ....
well like
they can't see into my view
i can't see into theirs
so it's a pointless debate
especially since they're DIFFERENT

physicist has a more mathematical view
"everything obeys the laws of physics"
chemist has a more... silky/low-level/fabric/idfk-what-term-to-use-tbh... view
"every action has an equal and opposite reaction"
idfk what biochemists think: they understand organisms a lot further (and therefore evolution?)

i have a nice birds eye view (lol "helicopter view" from that digia post) of reality
it's a good enough view imo
good enough to start fucking living




continuing from a previous metaphor
i have spotted a patch of land! a clearing! a grassy field!
i climbed the nearest tall tree and scoured the landscape
found one
i should be there shortly. it's so big i can't miss it

i just have to make sure i have a cabin up before winter (it's march now) (23 / 80 years, 3 / 12 months)

once i get there, i can start building right away. i am excited for that. i can build cabins and swingsets and automated farms too!
pretty fucking excited tbh



my field is convenientl positioned (i hope!)
not too far from the roman empire to be considered an enemy
but close enough to be considered a part of it (and not in danger of other enemies)
i could be wrong in which case i am fucked either way :-)
i need to his that sweet spot in order to stay alive
considering i am friendly and sharing, both rome and rome's enemies should have no problem with me
i am neutral (though if i HAD to pick, i'd pick rome. better to stick together team than to spread out and get picked off one by one)

there are no roads to it
and i don't really intend on building any (right away?)
however, some buildings located within rome have a clear view into my grassy area... so i very well may receive visitors

i think i'm getting lysdexic i keep spelling shit hella wrong, like WRONG ENTIRE WORDS lmfao
i put "rome and a clear view" instead of "have" in that above sentence
didn't see it while typing it the first time
caught it on edit
i think i meant to say "buildings located with rome are tall and have a clear view", but i type too slow? FFFFFFUUUUCCCCCKKKKKk

i guess that's why they said good author's write, great author's edit.
i am taking that up a notch and recording the editing because i do feel it is the author's subconscious leaking when he does a typo~
this is why i need to be "full blast" mode, because i cannot trust myself to not leak all over the place