I want to test out my loud singing voice, I want to scream (had:sing) slipknot... but two things are in my way (and I spoke into my microphone: 'one solution'): Copyright and Not-being-left-the-fuck-alone(people will talk to me about it, and bleh). Maybe an addition to CopyrightIffy and a trip to the desert?

I've known the lyrics for a loooong time, but only recently have had the urge to sing so loudly. I'm herp derp "finding my voice" and all that cliche stuff. I think screaming/singing-loudly is a mental skill and a good amount of people can't do it. I'm not sure I had the skill (because no urge) when I was younger. I'm giving less of a fuck about, err, social norms or something. I don't want to look explicitly different (that's inverse reflecting aka rebel without a cause (my younger years)), I just want to be without regard to your opinions man (and it helps me when you keep your opinions (both positive and negative) to yourself (I don't want to always be alone, but I'll take alone over peer pressure of any kind, even if intended to better me (but how do I handle bug reports ETC? how collaboration softwares? ffff so many contradictions (but easily draw a line between singing/art/m00sik and code (draw? yes. enforce? difficult))))).

My father yells when he is angry, but does not scream when he is pleased. I am pleased [with life] and would like to scream, it just so happens I grew up on slipknot (and am listening to it as we speak).

I wonder what they'd say if someone told them I've been listening to them since I was 10. They certainly get to take some credit for me, as do my english teachers etc.

ooo tangent just remembered: I love my environment for making me who I am [becoming], and I hate my environment for making me to damn paranoid/etc.

ot: a rock made me who i am just as much as anybody else, for if that rock did not exist the entire universe would be sucked into the black-hole/void in its place

we are one

more ot:
one travels at infinite vector units per vector frame
infinite vector units per vector frame = 1