we are an infinite revision of a brain that purely tries to see how long it can stay alive
it is a matrix
and it is metaphorical
you do not exist in my brain and i do not exist in yours
you cannot meet yourself, even though you will want to and will even sometimes feel like you have
you are your specific revision
even if you were to see another revision (not likely, as they are in their own dimension/or at least their own geographical earth neighborhood) of yourself, it would not be you
because in your revision you are still here, and have not travelled cross-revision. unless you have, and then all brains explode and collapse
it could be you from the future, but i do not believe time travel (even through wormholes etc) to be possible

when travelling at high speeds, you only slow down your perception of the light. go the speed of light and "time stops" (it really doesn't, but your perspective looking backwards DOES. you, travelling the speed of light, stay right next to the light molecules emitted when the event occurred). as soon as you stop, the perspectives all hit you at the regular speed of light... sans the delay you earned from travelling so far away. the speed of light takes a finite time to travel a finite distance.
suppose you walked sidewase while going the speed of light.
you would see everywhere you walked during the exact moment you walked through it. the light/perspective is frozen along side you, right next to/up-against the perspectives that you are travelling away from at the speed of light (someone on earth doing a thumbs up forever, even though they only did a thumbs up momentarily).

basically, at the highest efficiency, the way light works...
if you can see something with an unobstructed view (whether you need a telescope and/or filtering is irrelevant)
then it can see you with 100% detail up to and including what a microscope could see if it were placed directly on your body
basically, any alien technology within your field of view for that portion of outer-space could see everything with amazing detail at a top-down perspective. that is, if their respective telescopes were pointed at us. they found us or something. they'd probably have no way to signal. we'd just see a star.