I should not worry about the "demise of man" because I am quite confident that we can/will re-emerge no matter what. We will collapse no matter what (demise imement), we will re-emerge no matter what. It is out of our control (though or imenent demise can be pushed off until the "big collapse" if we are careful with nukes etc).





Using the SAME EXACT LOGICAL DEDUCTION (though this following is still a tad bit harder to be relatively certain about): I should not worry if I die because I am quite confident that I will re-emerge. I said just like an article or two ago that "no to people are the same". I meant that on a "on planet earth in 2012" scale. It is only true on that scale. On the infinite and recurring emerging life cycle, it is not true. I can/will emerge back into myself typing this right at this very moment. I call this "merging brains" or something because I can feel it as it happens. It is the opposite of "splitting" because I am doing the same thing in [most] all of them(????). It baffles me that the same requirement (infinity must exist) for the above paragraph to be true is the same requirement for this one to be true. Life is baffling in itself, so why can't this be too?





Do I genuinely believe it? I _WANT_ to, but I am full of doubt. I feel less doubtful in this very moment after writing those two above paragraphs, but I am pretty sure that the doubt will creep back into my brain.



The first paragraph = I am 99.99999999999% sure of it. That is how "life" and "the universe" works.
The second paragraph = meh, the numbers (which are already astronomical) have to be an order of magnitude more astronomical (but on the scale of infinity, it CAN (WILL?) be done) for replica Stevens/d3faults to emerge. It is impossible to "split" because I will always make the same "split" in another universe and so actually stay synchronized.



Should it be a goal to be in the least likely (most "splitted") universe?
Should it be a goal to be in the most likely (least "splitted" (most merged)) universe?

Neither of those two have a real answer. Life is arbitrary.



There is also no such thing as a "middle" or "average" or "balance". With infinity, every occurance occurs infinite times. Infinity is a concept, not a number.


Do WHATEVER the fuck you want (do no harm) and dedicate your entire life to chasing love if you will it. Your will is your free will. Your will is in your hands and in your brain. This is so basic and stupid I want to punch myself, but I'm trying to engrave it into my brain so I can always have control over myself (FUCK YOU CHEMICALS :-P).


So, those old fucks Montaigne were quoting were stupid (not for their day (intelligence is relative)). Living in a balance is equivalent to living arbitrarily. A waste of a life (from the perspective of another) is not a waste to the person wasting it (as long as they are not later filled with regret).



So Steven/d3fault, how do you wish to waste your time until the big collapse (assuming frozing works (but even if it doesn't: s/the big collapse/death)?


BLEH



I guess like.... make software for fun and pursue knowledge and explore my brain and of course with the help of psychoactive substances but I mean................ it isn't hard for me to take one step back and say: "that is nothing". Even including fingers and revolutionary bullshit (btw don't do it because it increases your chances of death by an order of magnitude (would have to re-emerge to try again lewl (hmmmmmmm actually not quite sure about this. Aren't there other universes SIMULTANEOUSLY happening? Am I only in one? I am unsure of this, but it is A SAFE ASSUMPTION to say you are only in one at any given point))), my life will still always amount to nothing.



So what is "something"? What, even if you don't ever do it, would convince you that "something" has been accomplished. GOOD QUESTION: NOTHING. Life is arbitrary!!!!!!



Seek bliss, attain bliss, enjoy bliss.... die, repeat.