Intolerant of intolerance.

The line must be drawn somewhere, at what to allow the intoleration of (muchlike censorship (censor censorers)): and that is exactly where. Nothing else (except, of course, evil: a paedophile could claim intolerance, but since he is evil it doesn't count (where to draw the line (gets blurry but "i know it when i see it" kicks in) is shared with our old friend "Good vs. Bad")) is allowed to be intolerated. No forms of 'weird' are intolerable. Fucking old grannies with sand in their vaginas dicating what is "proper" (and therefore, allowed).

It gets blurry though, blurry as hell, when you try to talk about where exactly you're talking about. Public businesses and private homes have so much in common (they are 'owned' by an entity). Private homes you can surely have your own intolerance to any degree, but does it extend to a public business as well? Apparently there was just a vote on this a little ago, but I don't pay attention to anything so I only heard bits and pieces.

When [almost(you have to drive really far to get to public land)] all of outside is owned and a public business, it's easier to draw the line. But what about clubs, that sell the exlusivity and "you're not allowed unless [...](unless you're 'cool' ;-P)" factor explicitly? Must a club be a private residence in order to actually be a club? Fuck clubs anyways, I could care less.

My rule; what I am intolerant of: intolerance itself.


And now I feel like deleting everything I've written today because freedom of speech can be both intolerated and intolerance at the same time. I'll re-touch on an old favorite: an asshole calling a fat person fat is expressing freedom of speech (which must be tolerated!), yet simultaneously being intolerant (of fat people). Nothing makes any sense. "Mean" is vague/subjective/relative, though in that specific example it's easily identified.

Wait no I'm an idiot. I have it right (in the first sentence of this doc), I just momentarily forgot! Since he is being intolerant, he shouldn't be tolerated. But there's still the 'relative' stuff that causes all kinds of gray areas. Just like optimizing software, you could easily spend your entire existence analyzing whether a thing is just regular old freedom of speech or if it's mean/intolerance. Set and setting, time and place, unfortunately factor in. And life is complex, the end.