Had a plethroa of random ass dreams last night, but only remember barely 2 of them. Well, one was much more vivid.

It was at our old house in California and yet we still had our cat Cocoa. In our pantry was our second refrigerator. I remember going in there looking for yellow sports drinks (not going to say which of the two brands because they're stupid (but I had it typed out lol)) that I somehow knew was there. I opened the refrigerator and saw my cat Cocoa in there, as well as a 12 pack of yellow sports drinks. The yellow sports drinks aren't that important.

Cocoa was inhaling through her (his!) mouth and nose simultaneously and really that's all it/he/she was doing. Huge constant inhale and his mouth and nose were ridiculously wide. Wider than any regular cat. It looked like the air intake on the front of a car or jet.

I remember thinking that the cat must have snuck in there as my dad was turning around from the fridge but before closing it.

I felt so..... lucky(???).... that I went in the fridge... because I would say I open it no more than once a month. The cat couldn't have been in there for any longer than an hour or two otherwise it would have suffocated.


It was weird that the cat didn't burst out of the fridge right when I opened the door. What was even weirder was that it wouldn't leave. I tried luring it out with a nice soft voice: "here kitty kitty"... but it didn't work. I even yelled at it and I remember feeling that same adrenaline that I rarely feel because I rarely yell. Felt real even in my dream :-P. "GET THE FUCK OUT CAT" or something. I ended up somehow pushing/scaring it back into the back-right corner of the fridge and, since I was getting impatient, ended up just grabbing the damn cat by it's tail and pulling it out. I knew it might attack me for doing it but eh I didn't really care. I knew it wouldn't/couldn't kill me. The dream ended just before/during the pulling out of the cat by it's tail.




My waking interpretation: a random animal emerges in SPACE and is utilizing a finite amount of energy. We are the cat.
Some random attempts at who "I" was in the dream: A being (which I now know just to be a much older version/derivative of ourselves (but maybe not?)) sees us in our existence and saves us from certain death. We don't even see him as he looks into our existence and sees us and our certain demise. Btw "him" is a bad pronoun :-P. "It", "they", whatever. He tries to lure us out and even tries to yell us out, but ultimately ends up having to pull us out. He is much stronger than us, so we couldn't even kill him if we tried.

THANK YOU ELDER BEING WHO PULLS US OUT BY OUR TAIL (should that even be possible)!



I was thinking about it and I wanted to say that I should just freeze myself until such an occurance, because there's nothing to do now. But very likely there is nothing to do then either. Evading death is stupid because my survival through freezing and being pulled out by my tail depends (maybe only just a bit) on infinite multiverse theory... as would/does my survival if I am not frozen and am conscious. Since there is probably nothing to do in either case (but it is still a HUUUUUUGE benefit to us to not have to die as soon (metaphorically suffocating inside a tiny refrigerator (un-metaphor: our universe))), I might as well stay conscious here/now.






The other dream was just the most awake lucid dream I ever had. I remember being able to feel my body laying in my bed and yet I still had control of... more like CEVs... but they were still dreams I knew they were. I don't remember any of the specifics of what the lucid dream was... but I just remember being hella confused on how I could be so awake and still lucid dream at the same time. Lasted 5 second tops.