Reality is relative.


I think there might be something there. I think that statement is worth digging into more. Time is relative, yea.... but space????? Reality itself?????



According to infinite multiverse theory, I can see how it would make sense. Reality unfolds EXACTLY HOW YOU WANT IT TO because there is at least one universe where it does (by chance).


Since there are infinite multiverses, everybody gets what they want. It is a matter of WILLING IT [hard enough].



To will the destruction of earth matters not, because there are infinite multiverses wherein the earth is not destroyed. HOLY FUCK ME SIDEWAYS did I just negate all reason for being "good"?


Morals are subjective. Morals are relative. Killing is [sometimes] justified. This train of thought is really... tiring....



Tiring as in... I don't like it. I still feel..... COMPELLED to be good.



Is it because that's what Kaylee would want? I have no fucking clue. Is it because I need to in order to be indefinite? DOES BEING INDEFINITE EVEN FUCKING MATTER???????????????????????


A short life lived well vs. a long life lived.... long
...is a life nonetheless.


Pursue mental bliss. Pursue that which makes you happy. I think being in a NON-PARANOID STATE (aka, not being evil) is my version of bliss. As fun as murdering/raping/torturing sounds, the paranoia-until-death doesn't sound worth it. It's only worth it if you go out with a bang. Murder-Suicide.


I want to live indefinitely because I have too many plans for software and because my dreams of software (last nights was the best so far) just sound fucking amazing.




I'm digressing like fuck. Fuck this. I have no direction at the moment. I am at a stand still. I am neither good nor evil. I am contemplating every scenario. My new "unrestrained towards a GOAL" mentality is overwhelming with possibilities. I was ALREADY overwhelmed with possibilities, but now I am completely smashed and unable to dig my way out. I am immobile. I consider every scenario.


Dear Kaylee, which should I do with my life:
0) - Strong Silent Type. Off the grid, off the radar. Non-existent. "Anonymous". Puppeteer.
1) - Hiding In Plain Sight [average]. Moderately successful [whatever (probably software)]. On the grid, but with a secret side that not even wife knows about. This is my only chance of finding true love. In all the others I am either fucking hookers or married to gold diggers.
2) - Hiding In Plain Sight [launch+]. Illusion of 100% transparent. Make software etc, but anything of questionable legality (copyright etc) is done in secret. This sounds the hardest to accomplish, but also the most "badass dude".
3) - 100% Transparent, sans vulgar. This seems to be my current course of action. It is my unrestrained restraining in the pursuit of Kaylee. She can opt to publish the vulgarity, but probably won't. This is a balance of (4) and potentially has the benefit that (1) has where I have genuine love
4) - 100% Transparent, flale. This is stupid but also easy and fun. (3) defaults to this if Kaylee remains uninterested even after I am... "successful" (but more importantly: SHE SEES THE REAL ME FOR THE FIRST TIME). This has the best potential for bliss because I don't have to hide anything, not even vulgarity. It is a different form of bliss, however. I will die alone (so my end days will not be blissful). I would gladly sacrifice a bit of bliss for genuine love.




All that is required to live a fulfilling life is Passion and Love. You should additionally love your passion and be passionate about your love.
Passion = software, technology, knowledge, etc
Love = You Know Who



THAT BEING SAID, (3) and (1) are the best bets at attaining both. (4) has a potential "hyper-bliss" that I can only theorize about. It may not even exist, and would probably only last for a few seconds/minutes during trips. (3) also has that potential, but probably only if she chose to publish the vulgarity.


I flip flop between (3) and (4), for obvious reasons. A huge fear of mine is that I'll do (3) and she'll still say no and I won't have the balls to "convert" to (4) after the rejection. I'll have an "image" that I'll become addicted to and be too afraid to destroy. Since it _IS_ an image to begin with, I feel again that I shouldn't even go for it. EXCEPT I am unrestrained in my pursuing my goal (passion && love), so the creation of an 'image' is A-OK?

Flaling is no image. Flaling is random. Flaling is... flaling. There are no rules. There is no goal (except bliss). It is an "in the moment" bliss and I will die alone and sad and unhappy and unfulfilled.



I contradict myself and change my mind about things like a person on crack knitting a sweater (this sounded much funnier in my head). It's one of the perks of being in this NOTHING/NOBODY state of being. I can change my mind in an instant. ANOTHER FEAR OF MINE IS THAT I WILL MISS TOO MUCH THAT ABILITY TO 'CHANGE' ON A WHIM WHEN I AM PUBLIC (THIS IS ALL IN MY HEAD AND DEFINITELY OVERRIDEABLE, BUT KNOWING YOU'LL BE NOTICED/CALLED-OUT (ONLY IF ACCEPTING INPUT KTHXBAI) MIGHT MAKE YOU LESS LIKELY TO CHANGE?).

If I stay in (0), I can always have that. (1) also does to an extent... but with tons of acting, including to my own 'TRUE LOVE' wife (pretty fucked up thing you'd be doing to her imo. could you even call that love?)



blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah