my last "wooooooot" document was a great achievement, though it only dealt with mental status
i was doing some thinking while in the shower (damn me for not being live/realtime (fuck ambiguity)), and i need to now deal with the REALISTIC approach of paranoia of being assassinated

the flesh and blood or something, i don't even know how to word it

basically the previous document did not deal with actual numerical representations of percentage of chance of assassination

err in fact i was referring to it as percent of paranoia. they are kind of the same... i might have even been referring to it wrong previously (fuck it)



ANYWAYS, here's how i think i can logic my way out of it:

percent chance of assassination,
if private: 1%
if public: 99%

the numbers are actually irrelevant, the only thing that is relevant is that private < public


BUT, and this is a huuuuuge BUT,
given INFINITE UNIVERSES, both of those percentages approach 0%

they both have decaying... err... whatever that calculus term is....


i might have to go through being shot lots and lots of times, but i will live in at least one of them (and perhaps never even be shot in at least one of them)

btw here's my last will thingy or request or whatever: if i am ever shot and not dead and put in a vegatative state and cannot respond in any way, please nitrous me (just in case i am still able to feel: put me 'under'), vitrify my blood, yada yada do the freezing procedure. i can't afford to let my brain dissintegrate(sp?) while in a vegetative state. such a fucking weird concept. you wake back up after 20 years and can't even remember the life you once had. fuck that shit: freeze me. snapshot me. sustain me. my thoughts are still there, you/we just don't currently have the technology to bring them back. leaving me in "the black" state of a vegetable is worse for my brain


right back on track:
so am i "sure enough" that either infinite space OR infinite time exist?
yes
definitely (lol wut)
have no "hard proof" of it
but i do have "GIANT HINTS" towards it (both)

infinite time is definitely a stronger argument

but for both, i cannot conceive a beginning or an end
time: when did it start? what happened before that? when does it stop? what happens after that?
space: where does it end? what is  on the other side of "that brick wall" (to quote my 6th grade teacher). i don't even think you can conceptuatlize the question "where does it begin" with regard to space... does it begin in my conscience? the center of the earth? the sun? the big bang? i guess the big bang, but it's like referring to the middle of a sphere and saying "this is where the space in that sphere 'starts'"... it just doesn't make much sense...


i rely on GIANT HINTS to assume that reality exists (i think therefore i am)
so i can/will rely on GIANT HINTS to assume that infinte time and/or space exist, therefore infinite multiverse theory can be assumed true too


therefore, 99% is irrelevant because i can and will live in the 1% (or .0000000001%, the numbers are irrelevant) of surviving universes










do i even need to protect myself? anything from seatbelts to bullet proof vests...


technically i can load 6 bullets into a revolver and pull the trigger 6 times and there will be 6 duds
i can do that after watching the gun fire 36 times using 36 bullets from the same box/carton that the 6 bullets i load and shoot at my head


where does it end?
am i able to commit suicide?



balancing: blatant stupidity bound to get me killed vs. infinite universes saying i'll always survive in at least one

THAT BALANCING ACT MEANS I AM BACK TO SQUARE FUCKING ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



fuck.




what.
the.
fuck.
dude.




this hurts my brain
am i able to die? yes
am i able to not die in an alternate universe? yes

wat



how should i behave?
safe?
full blast?



perhaps this is a dead end in logic
and trying to logic it further will be wasting time (precious commodity)



however i do feel it's WORTH wasting time over
waste a little time NOW to gain potentially mucho (from "50 years" to "indefinite") time later



fuck.




"full blast" and "reckless" overlap at some point
full blast is how i want to live
reckless will get me killed
thus, contradiction




it doesn't make sense to "live carefully at full blast". that too is a contradiction (though it's much more obvious)...



should i just default to "it's better to have lived a day at full blast than to have lived an entire life carefully" ????


that sounds reasonable enough....



EXCEPT:
if i live carefully pre-frozing i can maybe live full blast with significantly less fear of death (post-frozing humans will hopefull be smarter) post-frozing



fuck.


an aside: i keep wanting to talk to kaylee and ask her what i should do, as if she would have all the answers. realistically though it would take far too long to bring her up to speed before she could even make a decision and know what the fuck i'm talking about. i just like a week or two ago began to comprehend just on how far of different pages i am with my entire family. from robinson to my dad... we are on HUUUUGELY different trains of thought.
still, i want comfort from kaylee. just for her to hold me and to give me confidence in what i do. that is all



back on track, this train of thought is too precious to give up on now....


hmmmm....


that this might "be it"... that there might never be a post-frozing... definitely pushes me towards "full blast" (nothing to lose)...

...though it also removes my need to be "good" ;-)

....hmmmmmm.....



full blast vs. reckless
is the debate
can i die? YES
fuuuucking yes
not willing to "test" it. that would be stupid.



it is funny that the same logic that i use to justify not being afraid of assassination (living full blast)
is the same logic that i use to be 'sure' that frozing will work

err no i am not demonstrating the funny part that well

not living reckless so the infinite universe theory can successfully go through frozing
and living reckless because infinite universe theory says i'll always live

or something

gah it was much funnier when i thought it up (fuck not being live! again! and again and again!!!)
aside: i am constantly "writing" in notepad to "catch up" with my thoughts. it is a waste of time. i have to think things twice instead of just once and moving on. time is finite so i should launch just to get my time back~ (still, launching doesn't necessarily mean living full blast...)





i want to go off snowboarding jumps
massive ones
that is "living full blast" to me
it isn't INVITING death
but there is certainly chance of it


this as opposed to 6 duds in a revolver
one is BLATANTLY STUPID/reckless
the other is PRETTY DAMN FUN/reckless
both can invoke death
the only difference is percent chance of death



being a good snowboarder (as an example. there are MANY MANY similar others. basejumping to name just one) is a part of living full blast
living full blast is living reckless
basically.

i WANT to live reckless...
...i'm just afraid of the consequences

i can comprehend them and account for them
but i fear that being afraid of the consequences TOO MUCH means i am not living full blast and therefore wasting my life


holy fuck nuggets this is confusing




if, before i do something risky, i can answer with relative certainty: "can i do this?" and the answer is "yes", then i should do it?
but even with that being yes, accidents happen. you can be the best snowboarder in the world and you can break your neck on a tiny kicker
or your judgement can be off (just by pure accident or even by drugs (lmfao can't even begin to factor those in!!!!!!!!!)). the parkour jump might be just a bit too far and you fall to your death


i guess.... why risk death for a thrill?
death is too precious
life is too fragile


so.... am i not going to snowboard anymore?
am i not going to go outside anymore?


zeus fucking damnit

i'm looking for a middle ground
i don't think there is a "logical path" to said middle ground
you can search your entire life Dr. House, but there is no way to that middle ground


logical ways to full blast/reckless
logical ways to fully restrained/maximum-safety

but no logical way to the perfect middle ground
'perfect'
there it is
'maximum efficiency'

it cannot be attained
but you should strive for it!!!!!!


i guess i have to take everything on a case by case basis
i have to 'think', you know.. that brain thing...
maybe even get a second opinion: "can i make that parkour jump you think?" (as i am tripping on PCP listening to and making doobstap)


there is no logical solution
so i don't know what to do
i don't know how much of "full blast" to live at
WHICH MEANS:
i don't know if i should be private or public

GOD FUCKING DAMNIT
ZEUS*



graph:

			[------------------[good life]-----------------]
dont-go-outside-safe								full-blast-reckless-and-probable-assassination



is 'go public' on the left or right side of 'good life' ?


that's fucking it in a nutshell
wat do


pin the tail on the life chart
you get it wrong: you die
rofl

ACTUALLY: in one case: you get it wrong, you live but don't enjoy life
in the other, you get it wrong, you die


lmfao


PERFECTION CANNOT BE ACHIEVED
MAXIMUM EFFICIENCY CANNOT BE ACHIEVED
'GOOD LIFE' CANNOT BE ACHIEVED

THEREFORE, i must default to:
"it is better to be someone for a day than to live your whole life as nobody" cheesy line that is oh so very true

so....
i must INVITE/expect death?????

more or less
fend from it (shoot the guy charging at you with a knife)
but do not FEAR it

fuck, i guess?


remember, there is no solution
don't waste too much time on it
time is finite (well, YOURS is ;-P)
you must at some point just fucking live


lol @ above:
time is infinite in the universal sense
time is finite in the human sense
sucks, but true~

gotta maximize your finite life as much as the infinite universe will allow (a lot: 'the big collapse' is biggest concern) while still not invoking death and not being too afraid of death that you don't 'actually live' (aka enjoy life)

it's a balancing act no matter what you do. there is no easy answer