Because mentioning is endorsing. Even negative reviews can increase revenue. That's the reality of the free market and the world as a whole: people are just fucking stupid and that is that. I want the ultimate knowledge base but I also don't want pre-2013 history to ever be mentioned (not really, but that's what I'm extrapolating as the worst case scenario of how a critic could word it). The requirement is actually about copyright and libre'ness, but the actuality of it is that most content in existence cannot be referenced (or even mentioned?). Perhaps the no-mentioning rule is too strict and infeasible in the short term, though it definitely isn't in the long (we mention/reference only ourselves and it compiles and grows and grows and grows until it is bigger than all the rest, hah). Perhaps mentions are allowed but references are not. Still, I don't want to or care to hear about stuff going on in the permission-based society. Ignorance is bliss in that respect. Mere mentions will probably do more harm than good, but actually there are probably cases where that true and cases where that is false! idfk and it's a tough question. I guess just start off with no-mentioning and then you can always change it later to be more lenient (opposite isn't true (without actively censoring your own damn content)). How could I stop OTHERS from mentioning anyways? Tags + crowdsourcing organizing/voting is really the only way. Licensing is one area of a file's properties, but the tags are yet another. I guess it should be "no-mention" tagged by default (so that tag isn't needed) and I could have my people (open source sex slaves more or less (SUP I AM EXCITED TO MEET YOU ALL)) tag it with "mentions-proprietary" when appropriate. It cannot be machine automated, at least not easily/accurately. The software can then be configured on a per-user basis with whether or not to filter it out. However if I am filtering out ANY material on MY network from MY view, then I am not being DMCA compliant. So should I then delete anything that "mentions-proprietary"? What the fuck? I would say tag it properly and then warn/ban the user. We are going to have to tolerate "mentions-proprietary" in order to be DMCA compliant (and thus not be anally raided/raped (faggots)), but we don't have to tolerate the human beings who post it (don't confuse those human beings merely mentioning with the lawyers who are well within the law to mention proprietary and post it on the network (a "DMCA notice" tag would be appropriate (most everything is public on my network, I decline privacy as much as possible), and what's really interesting is whether or not i'll be forced into submission and into processing DMCA notices 24/7/365/until-death. FUCK YOU ALL YOU FUCKING IDIOTS I HATE YOU THINK OF ALL THE LIVES WASTED JUST PROCESSING DMCA NOTICES (both sending and receiving really). Somehow since it's behind a "company" then it's 'alright' that one human is doing something ridiculously mundane and worthless. I don't want your censorable/dmca'able content on my network. I have made that quite clear. For that reason I know I will be in the legal clear :-D. FUCK YEA US&A!