It is difficult and scary (in addition to "fear of death" being hardcoded into your genes) to be confident in and harness infinite multiverse theory. This is because empirical evidence points to it not being true. A sane and reasonable and logical person observes his environment and sees things dying left and right. He concludes using empirical evidence that a fear of death is a good thing.

There is no hard evidence and never can be because you cannot experience death. Well, you can experience it... but you will have a hard time analyzing and utilizing and/or sharing the results!


We only see one universe of the infinite universes unfolding around us. We are unable to see the infinite variations where slight differences in events lead to a different outcome (such as a peer not dying).


Relatively speaking, we see 100% of the empirical evidence and base our decision to fear death on that.
Absolutely speaking, we see .00000[infinite-zeroes-here]1% of the empirical evidence -- since we do not observe the alternate universes ("Splitting").



It would require a God-View to be completely sure of infinite multiverse theory... but using a rationalist/logical view we can begin to deduce that a fear of death actually hinders.


We all die no matter what. So why fear death?



It is, and this is the most difficult part to wrap my head around, not the same fear of death when a poisonous snake/spider is on/near you... to flee from it or smash it.


I hate the word "probably".


It is the longer term fear of death.... that "they" will strike you down out of jealousy/greed/power-grabbing/etc that you should NOT fear.


This is the hardest part to explain but I will attempt it: you CAN fear it and even have your fears justified because those events DO happen... and they can even happen to you!


It is a matter of increase/decrease. Are you above zero or below it?


If you live constantly in fear of such events (THE CONTRADICTION OF SPIDERS/SNAKES GOES HERE BTW), you are below zero. It is a.... direction. It is your aim. Are you aiming to improve yourself or are you aiming to...... merely survive.


You must aim upwards and accept that it will get you struck down by corrupt and evil men in PLENTY of universes. Evil and corruption definitely exist (but they also does not ;-P) (had:exists,they=it (why do both seem right?!?!?)).


You aim upwards so that in some distant universe, you reach your goal.


It baffles me to consider whether or not that universe will "BE" this one.
However I _KNOW_ this: It will _SEEM_ like this one. The universe that you are successful and reach your goals is a replica(minus all the evil/corruption -- by good luck (which always comes eventually (just like life))) of this one! You CANNOT reach it unless you are aiming up; unless you do not fear death.



Ultimately, you are required to trust your instincts to analyze whether a situation is dangerous and requires more paranoia and/or preparation.............. but you cannot even trust that because your instincts will [usually (unless you're dumb (or willfully trying to harness infinite multiverse theory implications))] err on the side of being too paranoid in order to keep you alive. Evolution rewards the overly paranoid (Ok, to be more clear: it rewards that "PERFECT BALANCE" of "brave sometimes" and "paranoid sometimes" -- hitting that sweet spot is impossibru, but I do want to say that bravery sometimes has it's place even evolutionaly (my whole attempt at harnessing the implications of infinite multiverse theory is to say that bravery should be on 24/7/365/death)).


A brave man is sitting in a chair and a poisonous snake, which he somehow knows will bite him if he remains still (because in all seriousness, you CAN remain perfectly still and not be bitten), is crawling towards him. Does he attack/kill the snake and possibly be bitten and die in the process, or does he flee, lose his "brave" title, and survive? (ignore the blatant "remain still" loophole/logical-bug plx -- this is all metaphor/analogy shit fuck off).



It is stupid to say "in another universe you do not exist" (which is what you can/do say/think when you are being assassinated) and to allow the snake to bight you and to die. We have consciences and are intelligent and this is where that much hated by yours truly word comes in: probably. You must analyze realtime if you will probably die or not.


You _MUST_. You cannot deactivate your "will I probably die in event x" module or else you will likely die that same day (oh god but maybe you won't!?!?!?). My point is that the module must always be activated and..... it tends to TAKE OVER. I think most of us, myself included, are overly paranoid. "We avoid risks in life so that we may make it safely to death".


Meh coulda written more but ima go watch a movie with my mom lol...