been a while since i wrote
holy shit i'm lysdexic as fuck atm
like 3 typos in that top sentence
and another just above
but i'm correcting them

god damn it dude i am procrastinating like a motherfucker
my mind is all over the place
and kaylee's been all up in it too

feeling depressed

but meh

i need to EARN her

or at least do what i think would earn her (for myself)

launch.

without a fucking doubt.

details of launch are still pending

kill = censor (doubt there are many of these, but i will go through every one just before publishing it)

EMBARRASS = ??
dgaf for the most part, but SOME items are highlighted (in mah brain) because they might make it so i can't interact with humans i wish to interact with

they'd de-friend me or whatever
etc

more embarrassing for THEM than for me
i can handle it
i mean...
...idgaf.

but i do want to keep friendships?

HOWEVER

i don't want to deal with paranoia or shame

so are their friendships worth sacrificing either of those?
or vice versa
is it worth sacrificing paranoia or shame for friendship?

when worded backwards, it's quite easy to say FUUUUUCK NO
fuck my friends :-P

but then emotion kicks in and i get all illogical and shit and i WANT TO KEEP MY FUCKING FRIENDS

if there's something i lack, it's friends
if there's something i value, it's friends
'quality over quantity'
been saying that shit since like the first fucking grade...

can probably count on 2 hands the amount of real friends i've had since then.

this typing feels good

like a release of sorts

idk just feels weird

been playing a LOT of kbreakout and knetwalk the past few days

but there's only been a FEW things on my mind:
rpc finalization / abc integration (i need to remember that rpc is a standalone product and so sho-- what idfk write this later)
kaylee
kaylee
kaylee
launch details / terms

seriously fucking kaylee

i keep wanting to write her

i keep typing things in my phone and backspacing them
coming up with ideas
to call her

i want like an hour or a few of her time
is that so much to ask?

oh and regarding that letter i wrote in pen a week or so ago:
I CAN OFFER HER LOVE
but not much else [yet]

i keep wanting to say "let's adopt caydon"

she might actually be down.
MIGHT
but prolly not

especially now that i've come onto her and failed

but i also just want to talk to her

i don't want to manipulate her using caydon as a guilt trip

...but that manipulation is also a huuuuuge committment that _I_ would be making as well...
a real committment

so does it justify the manipulation?
is it even worth asking??


i also want to ask her if she'll come to the desert with me and we can take out our cell phone batteries, lay on the ground and whisper into each others ears with our hands covering our mouths (satellites etc)

idk honestly i just want her input on like 'launch details' etc


i also want her to own me
dominate me
"edit" me

i output 100%
she "edits" and releases to world as she sees fit

keeps me in a fucking gimp box

take my ability to self destruct away

when i think about that, i think i need a shrink

so i guess... i want her to be my shrink

is that too much of a demand?

is it even fair to ask??

is she even qualified?

is she as smart as you assume?
as she seems

YOU GET THE FUCKING POINT
she's taking over my brain

honestly i come to a point where i just want to talk to her about random bullshit to get the awkwardness to go away
AND
so i can get her out of my brain

not that she isn't a pleasant thought...
...but being ignored by her is actually discomforting (SHOCKER!)

and i'm being ignored even more ever since i made my move rofl

fucking failure.

you're pathetic

oh another thing i've been wanting to post on fb:
"admitting you're pathetic is the first step to becoming great"

but i'm too much of a bitch... ---too pathetic to post it :-P

oh well, i'm not great [yet]

i know this.

i need to code.

CODE MOAR

music awaits
money awaits
drugs awaits
[kaylee probably does not -- but MIGHT]

and you're fucking projects
your code

that you've already fucking designed and keep putting off

FUCK MY LIFE

coding sucks

BUT IT WON'T ONCE I IMPL THAT SHIT
[but i need to record the impl'ing]

rofl.

dilemma?

yes, sort of

progress: rpc -> abc -> move out -> launch

I AM PATHETIC
I WILL BE GREAT.