In a very real sense it is as though you are breathing your spirit/will out into the world. Your molecules are recycled and reused, yes (plants recycle our exhale)... but we also modulate the exhale so as to also form words. This formed data becomes recycled in chaos (but can be recorded). These words are reflected to ourselves (because they are/were thoughts before exitting the mouth machine) and they are merely presented to others. The fact that they are reflections to us allows us to reflect from them! Our brain sees our body perform speech (execute speech module (of which mouth is a dependency?)?) and it gets the mouth-filtered version back to it as input. It is not a matter of split/multi-personality, it is a way for the subconscious to be able to respond to the conscious forelobe. It doesn't necessarily happen but I do think that it does. Your thoughts move faster than your words, but your mouth can maintain a steady FOCUS POINT in your forelobe of "thought" (your subconscious in another thread still running :-P (perhaps it is thread pool hrmm? actually that kinda makes sense because it is tissue)) and it comes out at a constant-ish ("human)" stream rate (4 words per second? 3? idfk). your subconscious is of course not limited by mouth.maxWordsPerSecond or mouth.maxWordsPerSecondToMaintainComfortLulz (which we usually use and should be the default in any auto configurations) and runs at full speed, as I do believe your forelobe is able to do (SEE: TRIPPING FUCKING BALLS, dreams, or just thinking something up way faster than you can say it) it also, just that your mouth being engaged depends on your forelobe to give the mouth the majority shareholder of power of the forelobe

perhaps if/when speaking becomes the norm (and it will for me. i am willing it (mfw those two sentences are essentially equal)), we will develop another forelobe that is the non-speaking forelobe. basically just a train of thought will develop to take the place of a role the forelobe USED TO play (before mouth got majority shareholder yada yada ;-P) and now can't. Also perhaps the second forelobe will be our mental downfall. Or our uprising? Most likely nothing.



holy shit our mind software created a function that is dependent on it's hardware (speech(construct of mind) depends on mouth(external hardware)). o wait nvm it is itself also dependent on it's hardware :-P