IO deprivation. Not to be confused with sensory deprivation (though that is still an interesting topic). IO deprivation still uses all your senses, but without TYPICAL/real interaction with the outside world. You give yourself a black void/canvas (ok whatever it can be a white canvas, I like to think of it as an empty 3d black space, however) with which to define yourself/live(ih, not eye) on. This is the best way to be your truest self. I think that staying in such a state forever would be stupid... at least in this day and age. We are in too rapidly advancing of an environment and I would miss out on far too much. That input I'd miss out on has the capability of making me smarter and more accomplished in my black void. There needs to be a "balance" (speaking of which, whacky arm inflatable arm flaling tube men have a "balance" of air blowing upwards. not enough = shit is on the ground, too much = he's an erect penis (no flaling)) between I/O, and I/O deprivation. Actually fuck the O part, it is just I deprivation. IO deprivation has a better ring to it, but I think the O should be 24/7/365/death. There should only be allowed I that meets the requirement of being O'able. That is the purpose of Copyleft and my SELF SUBJECTATION to it (launch or whatever the fuck you want to call it). That pretty much boils it down neatly: all Input needs to be Outputable, otherwise the knowledge is [relatively] worthless. Can't copyright IDEAS, but 99.99999999% of the IDEAS in _THIS_ society in 2013 are fixed in a copyrighted "expression" form (thus not outputable). Fuck. That. Shit. Fuck you proprietary world! You have driven me to paranoid schizophrenia but I have thought my way out of it. I am willing my way out of it (since thinking alone does not cause action (though it could with software rigged to our brains WOOOOOOOO)). I will launch and the ONLY Input I will allow has the requirement of being Outputable. RMS is a Free Software advocate, I am a Freedom of Information advocate (a much "nobler" cause (suck my dick)). This is a matter of sanity/happiness. I am doing it for entirely selfish reasons. I want the world around me to be become more intelligent, BUT THAT IS SECONDARY TO: I want to be able to share my knowledge, even if it is in the form of SOMEONE ELSE'S "EXPRESSED" WORK. I do not wish to take their credit, but I wish/need/will be able to share the content/knowledge itself. I cannot afford to "exctract" every "idea" from every work that is inputted into my brain and then reconceptualize (because plaigarism is frowned upon) the same "idea" in a new fixed/"expressed" form. THAT IS NOT A SUFFICIENT METHOD FOR KNOWLEDGE TO SPREAD. EVERY HUMAN BEING IS REQUIRED TO DO THAT IN THIS COPYRIGHTED-BY-DEFAULT/"PERMISSION-REQURING" 2013 WORLD. Fuck you I hope you die in a fire. Luckily, Copyleft exists and I can create an ecosystem around me to counter the stupidity. I don't need to murder you and rape your children, despite very much wanting to (I do believe you deserve it). I will instead disconnect communication from myself and you. You may continue to live in your world, but if you wish to enter mine (if you wish to submit input to my brain), it _MUST_ be allowed to be shared. I require it for both myself and everybody around me's sake. It is self-centered with the side effect of improving the knowledge of all human beings. Capitalism is going to fail once robots automate our living anyways (or maybe it won't fail, but it will become unnecessary (why work if you can spend your life ENJOYING life and creating works (for fun, not for profit)) (inb4 commie)).



Human communism does not work because the workers are humans. It is an inhumane government.
Robotic communism does work because no humans do any work (or perhaps just very few (to maintain the robots until they can maintain themselves)). It is NOT inhumane. It is in fact a trillion times more humane than any government that has ever existed. There are a few cons to it, however: 1) Lazy people might wither away (and/or get fat), 2) We lose *INCENTIVE* to innovate (I think the fact that people will innovate FOR FUN counters this anyways (I know I will)). (2) can be artificially re-created through "prize money", but I have no idea if the concept of money would even exist in such a government. Why would it?



I never thought this document would turn out so long, I just wanted to write about how I thought "IO deprivation" sounded cool/fun :-P.
