today was the first time in a long time where i didn't not go online to browse my normal sites
i am turning off input and it feels great
advertisements are overheard here and there


it is very much possible that i've just become so relatively-disconnected from society that i am missing out on how advanced everyone has become... instead defaulting to "dey stealing frum me :(" like a genuine paranoid schizophrenic....
...but idk man i mean the "coincidences" are really really getting to me lately

once i have publicized my thoughts, i won't care anymore because i'll be able to see an advert and say "lol yep they stole that from me" with greater confidence

i still hope to not see adverts, however... because i will disable them in my libre society. i will make the ABC ads also easily disable'able. no plugin "adblock plus" required :-). only "opting" is required (and i guess a cookie if you're not logged in?)

most sites require payments for ads to be disabled, but i won't. if it becomes a financial burden (mathematical impossibility), i might/will change that. i'm relying on the fact that most people are too stupid / too lazy to turn ads off. i know i'm right because installing "adblock plus" is fucking easy (just as easy as "opting" imo)... and yet google/facebook/etc are still making tons of revenue in advertising

i'm overly honest. i pride myself on that.
CEOs etc (perhaps politicians too?) cannot be overly honest
that's why i definitely don't want to be a CEO of some bullshit company
i like being honest, even if it costs me customers (LOL THIS SOUNDS LIKE SOMETHING A CEO WOULD "SAY" as a mere advertisement (they wouldn't say it directly after calling their customers idiots/lazy. pussies))





i don't know if i will watch my "every sunday" tv shows, but i'm guessing i'll be so bored that i will (and peep show is a definite yes. love that shit way too much (and i've been paranoid about it ever since the beginning. at least it's consistent (AND ENTERTAINING AS FUCK)))

i wonder how long i'll last
i WANT/hope it will be until "launch"
i think i'm going to combine abc/self launch again. go big or kill yourself
i might change my mind again, it's all related to vulgarity and other stuff (raising dat dimmer)