i have thought about it recently and have decided that it is justifiable and/or
even smart to censor certain names. it is not censoring the events or
pretending they didn't happen, and the people whose names are underlying can
decipher that i am talking about them. however, keeping them... not pissed...
is key... so using fake names would draw less attention (from 'media' or
whoever) to THEM and therefore be less likely to piss them off.

i can even publish this document explaining my decision. censoring names ONLY
(fake names), i think i might just have the balls to minddump 0-23.

hunter did it with his own name... and in the end it isn't that big of a deal.
i don't have to hide the fact that i'm hiding the names. someone could pressure
it out of me (torture etc)... and that wouldn't be a HUUUUGE deal (still
possibly a big deal?). i attempted to put 'them' in a position where they
wouldn't get pissed off... someone ELSE managed to coerce me into undoing that.
myself and 'them' should be mad at that someone else at this point (though that
doesn't necessarily mean that's how it'd go down).


i'm starting to like this idea more and more
minddump 0-23
nothing to hide
100% free
free software
free content
fuck yea.

i might choose GPL
it coincides with CC-BY-SA better
LGPL is more permissive

i don't see why it's a huge deal that they 'match'

it isn't.
but they could...

software is a much different playing field than content

for example, an LGPL software can use CC-BY-SA content in itself (button
graphics, ETC (anything really))

and LGPL means the software can be used by businesses
which is a jackpot for free bug fixes and maintenance

since i'm just one guy, that is what i want

plus i want to share
and i want to improve the world
am i lying to myself when i say that?
is it some 'superficial' thingy-ma-jig?

i honestly can't answer

but, i know this:
i want to improve the world to make people smart so someone else can figure out
the fountain of youth (in biochem etc... not geography). <- i am self centered.
not hard to accept...
i CAN do that with software. improve communication. improve information flow.

am i lying to myself about that?
do my designs compile?

yes... theoretically :-D <3... just need to actualize the theory (code it).