I think "Come and See" might be my new favorite movie. I fucking loved the scene in the woods with the girl (before the bomb drops). Something so soft and beautiful in their tolerance of each others' rapid toggling between love and hate, as the two foreign creatures (systems?) gradually get to know each other ('figure each other out'?). They're so far apart and this distance causes them to get confused by almost everything the other says.

They don't make movies like this anymore. Now days you see an explosion and a body flying out of the explosion and the guy lives with only a bloodied leg (*insert wilhelm scream*).

Floria gradually goes insane as he experiences-war/the-movie-progresses. That much is obvious (and accidentally spoiled his insanity plot bullet point before watching). He finally snaps at the end of the movie and starts shooting a picture of hitler (interesting that this was the first time he even shot the gun during the whole movie). He keeps shooting and releasing anger and thinking. He finally figures it out. He sees (I guess in his head) a picture of what I'm guessing is Hitler's mum and baby Hitler. You can clearly see the younger/innocent protagonist's face in both the mom and baby Hitler. He gets it: we all start off innocent but the world fucks us up. He catches himself angrily releasing anger (only into a picture of Hitler at least) and understands at least how Hitler COULD become so angry and hateful. The picture of Hitler that he was shooting now has Hitler's face submerged in a puddle, we are only able to see Hitler's uniformed shoulders and torso. Floria is able to step into that uniform.

Floria, perhaps unlike Hitler, knows love. From his mom and sisters and Glasha (at least). He puts all the pieces together; traverses the logic; figures out the (his) meaning of life: to love and have children. In a scene just moments before he snapped, he said those words to a rape victim sarcastically/mockingly (in a sort of "fuck this world" kind of tone). When Floria starts to cry, he's finally made up his mind to devote the rest of his life to love. He engrains a mental note to not forget to drop his anger once the war is over. His life now has [deep af] meaning, and he goes and joins his unit walking differently than before.