I am stepping back and observing myself
man I'm a fucking perv.

oh wall~

I just looked at pretty much every pic on my 1tb drive

well not EVERY
but lots, mostly the phone camera ones

so shit tons



it's like a story being told
`timeline` fits so perfectly

the transition

you can even see me growing

and you can especially see caydon growing :-P



i dunno

it's going to be weird at first
surreal
etc


i think i'll be profitable within 30 days



even just from donations




god i'm so retarded
spending so much time on such tedious programming

when i have enough content
enough persons
enough personality
to just launch TODAY
throw up a bitcoin address
and probably survive~


but i couldn't advertise for the content
google ads aren't allowed on pr0n

i don't want to spend ANY amount of time trying to find advertisers

if i build it, they will come
vs.
hunting them down trying to find companies that are ok with my obsceneties


throw bitcoin into the mix and FUCK YOU PAYPAL AND BANKS AND OTHER CENSORING ENTITIES (possibly even including the us gov)



i am excited and scared


but i don't really even have a choice anymore

choice has long since disappeared


launch or suicide
whether i want to or not
whether i'm afraid or not



i could very well see myself clicking REFRESH 24/7/365 for the rest of my days
and hating my life
what a fucking waste
but i could see myself amounting to that
easily
it pretty much summarizes the past few years of my life (but not really)

i love writing
it's so hard to just START writing


....to solve that, i'm going to be writing 24/7/365
BY-SA, insta-publicized
NO FEAR OF STOLEN



fuuuuuuuuuuck life will be so....
sooo....
sweeeeeet ;-)
/portishead




i'm unsure how i'm going to deal with drugs


do the following contradict:
drugs (implicitly hidden so as not to be arrested)
100% mode


yes.


wat do



possession is the fear


so if i can consume and dispose of them before infiltration can take place, perhaps that is good enough?

another idea is to move to canada and try to become a "free man on the land"

not giving up my US citizenship if possible


would canuck gov't leave me alone? isn't that what it means?

"you don't disturb the public and we don't disturb you" ??????

^^^^^^^^^^^
THAT
^^^^^^^^^^^

that sentence makes me want to be a US politician.

that is what freedom is about

canucks are more free than US


fucking pathetic.




can't i just sit in my house and film myself doing drugs without the man knocking down my door?
how is that freedom?

i don't want to be a martyr (prison or death, though death would be unlikely for drugs)


I WANT TO LIVE



WAT DO


'free man on the land' is here and now
is it attainable without giving up US citizenship?
is it worth the sacrifice?
would i be arrested on entry to US (visiting etc)?


another thing: crypto export laws is another reason for moving to canuck


Canada: USA's Hat


shit that makes 3

we're like france of the western world
nobody is threatened by canada
they don't have to worry about nukes
they also probably don't even have any

they just... blend in

USA's hat.

perfect.



recap:
1) 'free man on the land' is more free than USA citizen
2) crypto export laws (d3fault and many others will very likely contain crypto libs, though i guess i could hack around the restrictions... like just make a script that downloads the libs from wherever)
3) very unlikely to be targetted for nukes n shit


possible cons:
1) If i am still a citizen of USA perhaps i can be extradited :-/ (and/or arrested upon entry/visit)
2) USA world polices and doesn't give a fuck (see: kim dotcom), so being in Canada might not be that much (enough) protection
3) Renouncing USA, or even simply living in Canuckuda, would slightly ruin any chance of politics (i think i have already successfully ruined any chance... but you never know what the future holds. maybe the people will someday want a bold asshole (doubt it))