The chances of me meeting myself are ridiculously rare, but guaranteed. So theoretically if I vow to myself to never commit suicide until I find myself, I should find myself the very moment I make that vow. OR SOMETHING.

No my brain hurts.
The "first" time (INFINITE PREVIOUS TIME GUARANTEES THAT EVERYTHING HAPPENED ALREADY IN THE PAST) wouldn't have anyone show up, I can only ever "be" the one to find myself, not the one who gets found. BUT when I find myself, I create a variation/branch of that self. So why can't I be in the variation/branch here/now? Meh this sounds way too much like time travel nonsense (EXCEPT IT DOES NOT INVOLVE TIME TRAVEL).

My brain hurts, and in THAT problem/solution is the "do we have free will [if everything is guaranteed to have already been done]?" solution. GL;HF


You could argue that by vowing to wait until I find myself that it proves we have free will, but that assumes that it's even possible to find yourself (you'd most certainly need to escape 'the big collapse' .. which meh I have no idea whether or not is even possible but lean towards: NOPE).... and it assumes that you'd actually tough it out. To SAY it (a vow is nothing more than saying it) is waaaaaaaaaaaaaa(infinite 'a' characters here ;-P)aaaaaaaay the fuck easier (had:different) than DOing it.

That being said, I DON'T EVEN WANT TO VOW IT (one could argue that that is the very problem!). I can conceptualize "infinity" and I'm [PRETTY DAMN] sure I'd get bored as FUCK! A trillion years??????? Uhhhh......

Another variation: I am supposed to figure out that I'm supposed to thaw my older self out (the same one that's supposed to find me). I FIND HIM (older me)! That way he doesn't get ultra fucking bored. That one sounds way more plausible. I could EASILY vow to freeze myself "indefinitely" with the hope that another instance of myself would thaw me out.

And even if it worked, that doesn't mean each instance would find each instance. Some frozen instances would get destroyed, some 'young' instances would never find frozen olders. Well yea the only way is to try, but what is the purpose? What is gained?

OH RIGHT A huge ass knowledge boost or something-
So I gain, but he doesn't.

Does it benefit me to "squeeze" knowledge down to younger and younger versions of myself? Am I perhaps trying to figure out where all of existence came from in doing so?


Also kind of sucks that now _I_ have to do all the crazy hard work of trying to find myself (and I don't have guaranteed results [in this instance (but INFINITE instances considered, it is guaranteed =o <--------)])

Purely percentage-wise, is it even worth it.... to devote my entire life 'searching'? Probably not. What if I found myself, thawed myself out, and found that that instance wasn't that much older than myself at that point? Diminishing margin of return, or something. But meh I could say tack on "look for variations of myself" on a list of things to do before ... err now my brain really hurts.... "freezing myself in order to be looked for" (was gonna put suicide but ya know). How much time should I devote to looking before freezing, then? On the scale of infinity, there are no solid "half way" points to meet myself at. If I search infinitely, I never freeze myself and therefore there are none of me to find. If I don't search long enough, there are tons and tons of me to find but I never search long enough to find one. I think the only answer to that is for me to pick a random number of years (BUT WON'T EACH INSTANCE GET THE SAME RANDOM NUMBER (GAH! FFFFFF ANOTHER PROBLEM INVOLVED)) from a _TRUE_ RNG (if one exists :-P) and then be strict about adhering to it. I can wait until I'm "ready to suicide" or whatever state of mind you call it (ready to be frozen) before generating that random number... but eh if I am already at that state of mind then I probably won't want to go on 'searching' (but eh vow'ing might work).

Again, what is the point? For fun? I guess so :-P.


Also I'd meet/find so many variations of life forms before that ever happened xD...


What I am describing, or at least the older version finding the younger version, could even be considered 'illegal' (or, maybe I should suggest that they are [if I am first (lololol doubt it)]) on some quantum universal omfghuge scale. Like amongst life forms that have found each other, it is probably an agreed rule to not interfere with primitive life forms. "They have to find us". Oh great now I am pro-ALEENZ-ARE-SPYING-ON-US hurrrr xD (makes sense because undetectable spying != interfering).

I am unwrapping logic right now. I stumbled upon it again. Despite knowing I have before and will again, it brings me pleasure. Very real pleasure. The endorphins released in my brain are 'real'. Logically, it makes no sense. Or maybe it makes perfect sense, I have no clue. Mathmatically/Logically/Programmatically, it would SEEM as if the endorphins would all... errr.... be cancelled out... or abstracted ... or irrelevant ... or idk what I am getting at this makes no sense fuck it. (btw: "but they aren't").