i've got an entire weekend to myself and i'm sort of weirded out about it
so bucking fored of the internet
and coding is fun but also draining

my offline computer makes me feel so alone / disconnected
except when i type things like this: dear diary
etc

right now i'm just typing as the thoughts come

though my feeling of depression was hitting me a few minutes earlier (before i started writing about the dreams)

i don't know the purpose of this document. there is none except to let meeeeeeee speak. whoops E

i'm a lonely fucker
and i have nobody to blame but myself for that

i better launch
or else i will end up killing myself, no doubt


launching might attract kaylee or heidi


it will definitely attract millions of gold diggers / attention whores / female humans

i..

i........


i......... don't konw what to type lext next
don't force it
just sit
but then you (reader) won't know i'm sitting
the doc will appear to be fluid
i need to code that pause watching editor
fuck i need to launch
because i want to code all that shit live
for fun and for lulz and so everybody knows what the fuck is going on
understand the source
modify it
enhance it

how will i ever receive said enhancements if i'm in output only mode?

that's one of my biggest thoughts atm

tor hidden service vs. legit service
+
output only vs. 100% truth vs. 100% APPEARANCE of truth (side monitor doing tor/hidden activities) vs. i don't fucking know what

so many options

all i know is i want to launch
how i do it is irrelevant
perhaps, flip a coin?
(flip multiple coins)

i definitely want/need a front
ABC would be a good one

but i also want ABC to service tor hidden services
as in, BE ONE
and also, allow ads to be served on other tor hidden sites

my only thought on how to do that is to use the tor hidden service's public key as the identifier in ABC
if i know the onion url (which is derived from public key), then i can be forced to censor

it all boils down to: can i look up an onion url by the public key (my understanding is that it's only the other way around)

i could also have them just say 'hidden service' instead of providing a URL where the ad is shown. "Hidden Service #12345"
i don't care what it is and don't have to see what it is ever
therefore am not responsible for censoring (i hope?)

i want to legally do business with/on the silk road, for example

i'd need a disclaimer saying that if they don't provide the URL, their site will not be added to the ABC "Index" (which i'm thinking is going to be a scraper/mirrorer/maybe-a-searcher... but i like the alphabetically organized approach instead of forcing a search. 'browse' mode is handy as fuck imo. fuck google.

meh getting away from dear diary mode, which is fine except now i don't know how to file this document rofl
if i had a tagging system implemented it would be both a mind dump and an ABC doc

man i have too many designs that i'm forcing myself to sit on
it's painful
knowing what i can/want to be doing and not doing it

because i want to do it live
and i am not live
not yet~


i love richard stallman
i love the creative commons (although less)

i will have an awesome platform
100% CC-BY-SA and 100% Free Software (preferably LGPL, but maybe BSD... and maybe GPL. no clue yet. will decide on per-app basis)

that alone + live coding + ad revenue = i will be successful

the moneys generated from ABC on other sites etc will just be a bonus rofl
a backup plan
except i'm implementing my backup plan... before hand


that's how a real baller works
you don't gamble
you fucking make guarantees
or since there's no such thing as a guarantee
you get your probabilities as close as possible to 100%
before you ever let yourself become vulnerable

i'd be vulnerable if i tried to do this on youtube
because google is a censoring entity and deserves to burn in hell for it
fuck google.

vulnerable because i'd make dick in ad revs (at first)
vulnerable because i'd have no steady rent if nobody watches me
vulnerable because google can pull the plug when i say things like: "google is an evil corporation and i hope they go out of business and i also hope serge and larry die of cancer"

don't get me wrong, i'll still publish on youtube
and vimeo
etc

but i need/want/must-have my own stream / streaming service
my own network
complaints / legal shit come to me

then i'd only have to worry about the gov't / ISPs shutting me down
which is actually likely

but less likely than google citing some stupid TOS violation
bastards.

ABC alone will make me rich
but launching will make me happy, sane, powerful(??), productive, and fulfilled
oh and probably even more rich :-P
hahahahaha

god damn i need to fucking code
this RPC shit is bullshit

'casting' -_-
rofl.

wait, what?

can't the

doesn't the

isn't it

just operate on a list, right?

but then the list item type is irrelevant?

so i don't have to cast, i can put in the types i want?

or something?

basically.... you don't want an abstract message
or do you? since they have the same signals?

i don't know what the fuck is going on anymore, my brain hurts

rofl

so close yet so far

i'm glad i'm using couchbase
because i'd be a lot further away if i didn't

'the only thing that is not allowed on this video network is child porn'

fuck yea gore
fuck yea rape
fuck yea porn
fuck yea beastiality
fuck yea copyrighted content (will respond to dmca though :()

i'm going to define my own segment of the internet
fuck google.

this has nothing to do with d3fault

d3fault will not respond to dmca
and will hold child porn

because of the nature of it's design
uncensorable.