There's been something I've been wanting to say for about a week or so, but every time I remember it I'm not near a computer to write it down or something. Basically it's just an analysis of Copyright, weighing in the other side of the argument. I also factor in myself and my bootstrap.

A man makes a movie and wishes to make more movies using the profits. His motives are not pure so fuck him? OR: He has the right to do so because that's how the free market works. GPL/DPL is not compatible with typical works selling/profit methods. The closest you could maybe get is some variant of CC with a NonCommercial modifier..... but that is against the spirit of the GPL/DPL!!! We want all children derivatives to be able to be sold! We just also want the source and freedom to share it. I'm not sure what RMS's stance on content licensing is. I know he gives the BY-SA credit as being similar to GPL and endorses it in that sense, but I wonder if he thinks all content should be licensed under it? Clearly not as his own license itself is not BY-SA, nor is the GNU FDL a GPL-Compatible license. He selects different licenses for different cases, and I question whether he contradicts himself. Is he only all about the GPL when it comes to software? I want all works to be derivable. I feel that all works need to be derivable. Else it is too hard to communicate/collaborate/contribute/etc. Still, the problem about the man and his movies for sale is not solved in any way.

We pirates/free culture nubs talk about this "outdated business model". I agree that typical copyright is outdated and DRM/etc is a complete fucking waste of time in the TECHNOLOGICAL sense... but in the business sense there is no real alternative. What I mean is: Your shit is always going to get warez'd. Putting DRM on it is a waste of time. You cannot simultaneously have a "safe" that is both openable (viewable) and unopenable (non-copyable). However, that doesn't solve the problem of the man and his movie. It doesn't even consider it. It is a point of view of hackers and internet fanatics (warez whores etc). I don't think NonCommercial clauses are OK, but I also don't think you can viably sell movies using a DPL/GPL (and certainly not BSD/public domain) licensing strategy.


This all only comes into consideration BECAUSE we are in a free market/capitalism society. As soon as you change your thoughts to living in a "robotic communist" society (rofl that will end up being really bad for publicity (fuck it)), the concept of money evaporates and works become purely artistic expressions, not means to an end. Art will be better when that happens, but perhaps "scientific research" etc will not? I tend to think hobbyists will do the work because it's fun and/or interesting, but the free market FORCES it down your throat: adapt or die (research/innovate/etc or die (incidentally it also allows for 're-hash copyrighted work X a million times to make plenty of money')).



I am harnessing a bootstrap, I am riding a wave (bitcoin wave to be precise). There is plenty of room for others to mimic, but the model cannot sustain itself if everyone is doing it. We need wage slaves at the bottom consuming our video and clicking our advertisements and buying the items advertised. The method I am using depends directly on the free market, there is no doubt about that (it doesn't need to though if I properly set up solar powered housing and p2p internet (and of course I'd share the instructions on how to do it (there would be no 'earning money', but I'd still be alive and able to do my work))).




If you make a movie you had better be ready for your shit to leak. Don't get mad, just accept it. The law is your tool to combat the damages, but making them zero is a technological impossibility. It will continue to become more and more difficult (*cough d3fault dream dht*), ultimately up to the point where the law is unable to help. Your business model has a time limit because of the technological disadvantages: you are not smarter than the hackers.


What happens then? What happens when the law is unable to combat the damages because the indestructable network is so easy to use and readily available (and de facto standard (think: microsoft windows))? The 'permissions' society will collapse on itself. They'll try to drag everyone down with them claiming it's the end of the world, but it isn't. It's just the end of their bullshit. I don't know what comes next and I don't care. I am going to utilize Copyleft to mimic ASAP the robotic communist society, because it sounds blissful and information will thrive under such a setting. What happens then? That's not my problem (thankfully). If I couldn't harness this bootstrap, I dunno wtf I'd do (I'd probably just make and sell proprietary shitware (plenty of money in that (or even using the "open source business model" (which requires collaborators to sign draconian CLAs or hand over copyright: LMFAO defeats entire purpose imo)))).