Certain events in the near past make me careful about my wording. I hate to say it but it's true: to exist publically you must be careful about what you _SAY_, not just what you do. We do not have freedom of speech. Ambiguity is identified as the enemy but might also be used in admittedly-contradictory friendly situations. It isn't DIFFICULT to be ambiguously safe... it's just that I desire explicit and precise instead. I am brewing an idea of being ambiguiously precise as a necessary compromise.

On recklessness:
Is it reckless to charge ahead with your game plan with modifying your environment/society/the-world/existence when you know that corrupt ass evil motherfucking politicians/corporations will attack your environment in order to get you to stop?
Yes, yes it is. By that definition only, I am, have been, and will continue to be, reckless.

God such a beautifully crafted sentence.
Err I mean Zeus.
Whatever.

Reckless = Good

Not to be interpretted as "to be reckless is a good thing"... but rather in this form: "to do good in an existence where evil and corruption are thriving... is reckless".


Fuck you. Kill me. Bring it.


My environment will decay, I know that even before even having launched. My intelligence gives me foresight and I see it. Hell, fear will likely even catch up with me "in the moment".... but fuck you. I am able to long term defy my programming through [long term] will and I say to you (evil corrupt ass motherfucking politicians/corporations (if you accept/give lobby'ing, you qualify) who use ambiguity to do evil): FUCK YOU EAT SHIT.



My conscience in a void wishes to revel in truth. To dance alone [if need be]. It will cost me many parts of my environment (perhaps even my ability to dance (etc)), but there isn't any other option (surrender??????? FUUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKK YYYYYOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUU).



I have been thinking about it a lot lately and I'm still not 100% sure (though I wish to be). I have come up with the following: truth and environment have an inverse correlation. It is regardless of if you are good or evil or neutral. If you are good, evil/jealous/corrupt comes after you. If you are evil then good comes after you (justifiably :-D). Even neutral accidentally stumbles into it's peers (all 3).


I am scared and I understand that I am programmed to be scared.


Sex and survival are the 2 main reinforced programmed.... things....

The weight of them steals our focus throughout the duration of our lives.

I am a conscience in a void. I wish to (and am struggling heavy with) disregard them and focus on something more pure. Information, knowledge. PEACE.


Peace is difficult when you understand that it's dog eat dog. What is peace, then? Minimizing resources to survive and not stealing life from another conscience, I suppose (fuck yea solar panels). Hell even then there's the exploding population problem...