Do my actions (inward influence) have consequences (outward influence)?

What the fuck?

Yes.

...Or at least, my natural/instinctive/common-sense response to that is yes.

This is a good example of a doc that needs to be read along with the docs before it. By itself it is a silly question. If my actions have consequences then aren't those a part of the inward influence? The outward influence is really stemming from the inward influence? It's hard to separate the actions and consequences (almost as hard as the expression/idea divide lolol). My action of pulling the trigger to a revolver has a direct consequence of the metal slug turning my brains into confetti (invoking death). The consequence is not guaranteed 100%. There is no such thing as certainty (except with uncertainty (some guy said that)). Probability. Probability with relation to infinity. Probability becomes MOOT when you factor in actual infinity. These are two conflicting and/or contradicting battles my mind is trying to fight/logic-through/win/etc. They are two different approeaches (the more the merrier), but they are clashing and I just not pinpointed how/where!

The probability of a bullet going off becomes moot when considering that there are infinite multiverses. It will go off in infinite universes and it will also not go off in infinite multiverses. An amateur would be tempted to say "the bullet will go off in more universes" (because the gun/bullet is engineered for reliability), but when truly factoring in infinity: 1 is infinite. A single occurance occurs infinite times. There is no mathematical law that says that this universe cannot emerge exactly the same: every train of thought and every atom. Probability says that it won't, however... but probability does not exist in the realm of infinity? Maybe that's wrong. I don't fucking know.

Probability does play a role in my day to day life. Flipping a coin over and over will not give me the same side indefinitely, although it COULD (infinity guarantees that).

Could vs. Will

I could survive pulling the trigger 6 times in a row, but I will not risk it.


Except that...
...it isn't always as simple as the 6 bullets in a revolver problem.


Inifity exists, and the potential ('could') exists, therefore it DOES exist.

My argument and/or curiosity is whether or not a fuller life can be lived by 'knowing' that something 'DOES' happen. To be able to not be afraid of death because you know that you live on. I want that confidence, but I don't currently have it.

I feel like the only way to test this and/or give myself confidence in it is to pull the trigger 6 times. I also think that's the stupidest idea ever (too fucking risky, I value life too much). I simultaneously know it will work and know that it won't. I guess I'm worried I'll be [stuck? idk what word to use here] in the segments/universes where the bullet goes off.

Is the bullet killing me an inward influence or an outward one? I caused it, therefore it is an outward one caused by in inward one. They have a special relationship: perhaps there can never be an action without a consequence. I do think on the other hand that there can be consequences for absolutely nothing: bad luck etc. Oh look the bad guys came and killed you while taking over your city: that sucks.

Bleh I've exhausted this topic and made no progress at all.