I feel great right now. I feel like I've found the logic to see myself on a slope. All I have to do now is let gravity do the work. Gravity will pull me through the rest of the boring ass code I have to fart out. The reason for this is my discovery of me acting RIGHT NOW and that I won't longer be acting post-launch. My pornographic considerations and/or vulgarity (which I tend to associate with whether or not I'll continue to pursue dat one girl) are entirely irrelevant (except when considering dat one girl). My mission to attain bliss and to promote freedom of information won't be changed one way or the other by whichever decision I make. I still feel lost when thinking about that, but it bothers me less now that I see that it won't matter all too much.

I was reading Dr. Seuss' One Fish Blue Fish Red Fish Two Fish last night to my nephew and it inspired me. It made me want to be less vulgar etc. I think dat one girl's considerations will mostly occur because of her daughter. There is also my nephew to consider. So essentially it is all about THE CHILDREN. Disney and Seuss appeal to children, but I flip flop on whether or not it is right to do so. On one hand, you're brainwashing a young audience (SO ARE THEY!!!!!). On the other, that's exactly how you win the battle you are trying to win. Freedom of Information! The sooner you get into their heads, the better. A completely separate argument is whether or not we should modify ourselves and our beings just for children. There will always be children so I don't really buy into the whole "be SFW because what if children see it?" argument. There will always be chilren. Should the world be padded just because of them? A lot of them will grow up and will seek out vulgarity (perhaps rebelliously (fuck censorship!) like yours truly), so would they have been harmed if they had seen it earlier? Would they feel inclined to rebelliously seek it out? It could be argued that showing a child some porn would stop them from becoming a porn addict at an older age. Desensitize it and it becomes boring. It becoming boring is both good and bad. Good because then there aren't porn addicts or rebellioius vulgar seeker-outers (lewl), bad because then sex loses it's appeal by a bit. The whole sex losing it's appeal part would be multiplied in the cases of child molestation, which I am definitely against. A bit of porn, however, will just make it a less taboo subject. It being taboo is a sort of comfort for lots of adults. Idiots, I say... but they exist and have a vote so just disregarding them isn't the perfect solution.

I definitely reserve the right to be vulgar and obscene. I don't factor in other adults' opinions (aside from dat one girl) on the matter: fuck them. Most people who would discontinue speaking to me because of it would cause me to say the meme: 'nothing of value was lost'. I see the right but I just eh am iffy about it right about now. I am definitely a disgusting human being and always will be, but I could still target children as long as I censor myself.

I will/would censor my actions and speech REGARDLESS OF WHAT I DECIDE, in the presence of my nephew or other younger family members (perhaps even my own children some day?). What this says to me is that there's definitely a "point"/age where adult material becomes appropriate. Whether it's 18 or not is up for debate. 18 was probably chosen out of sheer desparation to choose a number! You can't do years and years of scientific research to find the optimal age to start fucking and/or showing porn to your children before you set the minimal age of consent [or porn]. Something HAD to be chosen, and 18 is what they landed on. Fuck it.


I don't know how to approach or solve this matter because there are conflicting/contradicting arguments:
a) Be yourself! Don't act even a single tiny bit!
b) Get in their minds at a young age! This is how you spread a message most effectively! Censor yourself in order to be kid friendly in order to do so
c) Acting is worth it if you are pursuing a goal ('prize' = dat one girl). Your acting isn't acting if it's you being yourself?
d) In either decision there is still an amount of censorship [when around nephew at the very least (until he grows up, SUP CAYDON as adult!!)], so that makes it pretty hard to draw a line and stuff, idfk

Fuck me I still haven't a clue on what to do. Will I give her the letter and let her decide?

STILL, I want to say yet again that it does not matter. I have managed to separate the issues, woot. I know what I am doing with my life regardless of whether or not I choose to be vulgar and disgusting. My clarity of vision at this point gives me an overwhelming sense of confidence in what I'm doing. FeelsGoodMan.jpg