GPLv3
So I think I've decided to switch to GPLv3 for 3 reasons:
1) I was thinking about the "perfect world" scenario and how everything would be in public domain. GPL mimics that perfect world better than [D/LG]PL because it doesn't allow/tolerate the proprietizing/utilizing-by-proprietary-works (in such a perfect world, proprietary works would not be allowed to exist!!!). Yes I realize I am contradicting myself numerous times and I know I've even mentioned that RMS and/or GPL are "too far ahead of their time" and you can get more popular-er NOW by allowing businesses to depend on you etc etc... but when you factor in (3) below (which I've already written) -- I need to "shift some points" over to the free information movement ya know?
2) I almost always see GPL software and by habit think of it as "meh, I can't link to that" and then disregard it. NOT SO IF I AM GPL TOO! I suppose the whole "static typing auto-completion in IDEs and process call overhead" is intentionally a con of proprietary trying to use GPL
3) Since I've decided to rape and pillage the free market/economy like a bastard, it's like my "making up for it" type thing. I mean they're all just arbitrary pros and cons anyways. Everything is. I could stick my dick in the free software machine and take a poop on a plate and give it to capitalism and those would be just as valid of pros and cons.


It's hard to contradict myself. I mean, intentionally contradict myself. Security issues aside (xD), the "freedom of information" vs. "utilize capitalism" contradiction is more what I'm talking about right now. There ARE decisions that I will be making where they are "stupid" business decisions. I will get less money for certain decisions. GREED AND FORGETFULNESS AND PERHAPS "BUSINESS ADVISORS" whispering into my ear might make me forget that freedom of information is more important. "If you can't beat em, join em" also comes to mind. I mean really we're all fucking dead anyways... why not just be 100% capitalist? O rite because freeze self + thaw out in distant future = freedom of information spreading NOW will severly affect the state of society when I am thawed. Fuck yea selfishness winz. It's just long term vs. short term selfishness.

But really I'm starting to give up on humanity. Frugalness will never take over. Nobody wants to "give up their shit". "They" control the nukes, too. Which brings me to another point (tangent as fuck from GPL sry): it's easy to design from scratch the perfect society where all information is free and robots do the work required for us to survive etc. EASY. Much more difficult (esp. when nuke control is involved.. but we don't even need to mention that for it to already be difficult as fuck) is the transition from what we call "the free market" TO said robotic/software paradise. Greed fights to the death.... and I'll be damned if I'll be a martyr. Fuck that shit. Capitalism and Copyright both tremendously empower those who use it. With Copyright we have an answer to level the playing field: Copyleft. There is no equivalent in Capitalism. Or I guess we do: homelessness. Ever hear of a bum changing the world? Me neither. Yes I will use capitalism to MIMIC/EMULATE the "free society" of my dreams (and all information input and output my brain must be >= GPL), but that doesn't mean I think it's going to catch on and change/save the world. Greed will always win. Greed is too large in this existence. Greed controls the media, which in turn tells the world that greed is ok/good. I am but one man. My objective to "change the world" comes secondary to my own personal enjoyment. Why? BECAUSE WE ARE ALL FUCKED _ANYWAYS_. Even if I succeed in changing the world as I dream, we are still fucked.

It brings a tear to my eye to write that and I even feel as though I'm bitching out on some greater mission in life. Meh. I guess I can still change my mind again. Evil controls the law and through it, does whatever it damn well pleases. "The only thing necessary for evil to prevail is for good men to do nothing".... isn't entirely wrong.... but here's my take: "blatant evil is destroyed by the common good, but stupid good slowly (but much faster than if we were frugal) fucks everything up anyways". Stupid good being "woo we have the divine right to rape and pillage the lands"... a thing our government supports. I will make AN EFFORT to fix it (the hardest part is the transition, which I've not even begun to think about!), but I won't waste my life trying. I'll be like that guy on King of New York... but instead of selling drugs to pay for hospitals (etc)... I'll be a legal serial entrepreneur and invest my profits heavily in the freedom of information movement. I suppose I'm a new take on Robin Hood. Hacker Robin Hood (copyright 2013 niggers). Also, I loved Lawrence Fishburne's death on that movie and I want mine to resemble it. Best part of the movie imo.

I reserve the right to and very well may change my mind and go for the "purity pursuit" (devoting myself to bringing the world off this path of 'sooner' destruction) after I trip balls next. Everything seems blurry right now but I'm sure I'll know what to do next time I trip. Always do.