I have pinpointed a reason for procrastinating: I am, in my pre-launch phase, plagued with infinite possibilities. While not deciding and/or procrastinating, I stay in a comfortable place where everything is still possible. I just watched Apt Pupil (again) last night, and took from it a much better understanding (than the first time years ago) of the concept of "it never goes away". What I do first... what I do... NEXT... will define who I am for the rest of my life. How much I do or don't censor, how much I make private/public... even down to every character I type while writing docs or code. Not deciding is easy. Time alive is finite. (Time is infinite but even if we freeze/thaw ourselves time alive is still finite when you consider the great collapse (the meaning of life is, imo, to escape it: THOUGH MAYBE WE AREN'T MEANT TO ESCAPE IT BECAUSE IT WOULD LEAD TO TOTAL BOREDOM? Maybe we're a videogame cartridge with no concept of "saving" and every once in a while we start over from the very beginning but eh somehow we (the player?) don't notice that we started over because our memory is erased too? It "gives us something to do", then since we run out of things to do, it resets)). Continuing with previous parenthesis' considered: I need to live in the moment. Enjoy THIS LEVEL OF LIFE. I can't go backwards and I can't "skip" ahead (err, mb with frozing. CHEAT CODE ENABLED KTHXBAI)... but I can forge through the level as fast as possible to see what's next. Or I can take my time and savor the... logic... at the cost of not getting as far as I would have if I ran full blast. Running full blast also means you see less because you spend less time looking at things... and it also means you have an increased chance of death as you are less cautious as you run into the next area.

That being said, I am in the equivalent of of a PAUSE SCREEN. I'm staring at the current "area" and analyzing the fuck out of it. I know that when I un-pause (launch), it will be easy mode for a few seconds. However it does nothing for me for the next area (that I've yet to even see). It is, overall, a waste of [finite] time.