kaylee (a choice) vs. flale (choosing nothing)


The exact train of thought was: I wish I could convince myself that flipping a coin actually did something. That I wouldn't end up flipping it the exact same in each and every one. And then I thought: I'd probably end up in the "not kaylee" side of the coin and either hate it or go against it. THUS, that is what I truly want. I asked myself if I could see myself on the "kaylee" side of things and wishing the coin landed on the "flale" side... but couldn't. So, using that coin trick thingy, I've deduced that I definitely want Kaylee. I mean: old news is old... but I'm not giving up. I can't (or at the very least, don't want to) give up.

I feel as though I've planted a seed. I mean, I'm becoming more and more confident of it each and every day. My feelings for her grow stronger every day (however, I should note that I feel sooooo much more comfortable after asking her out and getting rejected. No longer driving myself insane wondering)... and I also get tiny hints from her left and right. On Christmas she said the following in my presence (not to me): "I only date david". Lol Wut? Leaking much? I'm pretty damn sure I've planted a seed. I'm relatively certain I've planted a seed. FUUUUUUCCCCKKKKK YYYYYYEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAA. There were also numerous occassions where our eyes met. You know how when you say something funny or do something funny and then look to the person whose approval you want most for that approval? Yea. That shit. I even called it/predicted it realtime one of the times and met her eyes right as it happened. Just... facial expressions... you know? The ability to read a person. I think.. I hope... I've planted dat seed :-). She also looked through my wallet. She's just..... you know.... taking more notice of me. Like when a girl tells her friend that she likes a boy, and that friend goes and tells the boy about the crush... and BAM *CONVENIENTLY* the boy gives her much more attention and/or likes her. I have planted a seed and she is taking notice of me :-D.


There's much more (non-Kaylee related) stuff that goes with this: UNCENSORED/UNRESTRAINED doesn't really make any sense. It is just... doing... nothing. Gah, it's hard to say what I'm trying to say. You PICK A TARGET and then, in pursuit of that target, you ARE UNRESTRAINED. Without a target, you are flaling around pointlessly (life is pointless, so this is A-OK)... so you are unrestrained by default. Not necessarily though, shame will restrain the fuck out of you.

I thought about
a) cops, pleading the 5th
b) grandpa vs. grandpa


a = while being detained and NOT pleading the 5th, i would still be spewing out words and words and words... but i would CONVENIENTLY _NOT_ mention incriminating material. THIS IS CENSORING/RESTRAINING/ETC. You can still spew your mouth 24/7 and have your thoughts filter the data

b = I was thinking about how I like my grandpa tobey as a better person than my grandpa wieler. I love them both... but really just want to use this as an example. I would _CENSORY MYSELF_ out of... kindness... or whatever the fuck that is. The desire to evade conflict. Something like that. I'm learning more and more that there is no such thing as unrestrained/uncensored.


NEW THOUGHT: perhaps, however, in an output-only mode... it is possible. Disconnecting from everyone, not caring about offending anyone, not interacting in general.... it MIGHT be possible. But there's still the lingering knowledge of their existence. You know they're watching so you shape your words to not offend/etc.




So I want to pick Kaylee as a target. I am willing to UNRESTRAIN MYSELF in the pursuit of her love. Sure, that means modifying my behavior.... but it's so totally fucking worth it (SHE IS WORTH IT).

a) I will be rich
b) I will be awesome
c) I will launch (in order to be awesome)
there were more here that I forget

THE ONLY THING I HAVE TO GIVE UP (AND DON'T EVEN GIVE A SHIT ABOUT): vulgarity.
Fuck it. Fuck vulgarity.
Cussing is whatever... not even a big deal. Don't cuss AROUND kids, the end. Typing/movies/speaking-amongst-adults: cuss all you want. She'll have to live with that and I doubt she gives a shit. I could turn it down a notch and cuss less... but I dunno... I guess I doubt my overall ability to turn it off altogether. I don't like arbitrary limits (fuck, vulgarity is one :-/), but I would definitely be willing to try.

So I think I'll crypt my previous vulgar material and divert my behavior away from it in the future. I will PHYSICALLY HIDE it (and crypt it). Crypting only is stupid. A single copy can be made and quantum computers will eventually crack it. The physically hidden vulgar shit will be published if, after a while, she still doesn't want anything to do with me. BUT THAT IS EXACTLY THE FUCKING POINT: she doesn't know me. Nobody does. I am a nobody[me.com]. I have yet to do anything. I need/want/will give her a chance. I will raise the dimmer slowly. Not a gradual raise... but just a 2-phase light. Step 1: Launch (EVERYTHING sans vulgar), Step 2: Release vulgar because she still said no.

If she says yes, I will ("ceremoneously") physically shred the drive itself. I will not lie about the contents of it (not even during phase 1). I UTTERLY REFUSE to lie to her about it... to hide it from her. I'd even let her look at it before the physical shredding. She might decide/ALLOW(?) the publication of it, but I doubt it. It's pretty over the top.


I will not lie about anything. I refuse to.


LifeShaper now has the following options:
(a) - Kaylee really says no (overly vulgar) - droppable reference on timeline
(b) - Censor (fear of death(?)) - no reference on timeline
(c) - Freenet Only because of Copyright Infringement (my random dancing to songs etc lmfao) - hard reference on timeline
(d) - Publish DPL (publish on ABC + Freenet or something) - regular reference on timeline

(d) is the target of everything, the rest are "compromises"

"NO COMPROMISES" is bullshit. It doesn't exist. I wish it did, but it doesn't. Don't be afraid of your THOUGHTS, but you definitely should shape your ACTIONS. Words can become actions, and it is UP TO YOU to be able to differentiate between words that are thoughts and words that are actions.



Hello Kaylee, I love you.