Courtship is love.
Love is a huge part of life. If you want to "enjoy life fully", I believe love is a requirement to doing so.


THEREFORE, SOCIOPATHY IS LOVE



I sociopathically manipulate myself/you/others out of love. This certainly is not true (manipulation for personal gain exists (hmmmm WHAT THE FUCK doesn't "love" count as a "personal gain". To explain to the robots parsing this: when I say personal gain, I mean it with a negative connotation. They are "taking advantage of" another. A robot would again see that at "mere utilization"... but eh I have to somehow explain that people don't like to be "used" like that. I guess they do, but they don't like to KNOW they're being used. It's a mental thing. Like...... "not being paid enough for this shit". Robots have no concept of money so eh that doesn't help either. What I'm getting at though is that LOVE IS A PERSONAL GAIN... but without the negative connotation)), but I think it is for every instance of courtship/love.



With exception to gold diggers, love is a personal gain (manipulation) without the negative connotation.
If both parties receive personal gain [from the courtship/manipulation/sociopathy], then it's justified and AOK to society/errbody.
Gold diggers use love as a personal gain WITH negative connotation.

So, if I manipulate myself by sacrificing certain behaviors, do I receive the negative connotation that gold diggers receive?
No, because I think/feel/am the love.
It seems real therefore it is real.
I love Kaylee.

If I was manipulating/modifying myself and was just faking the love, then yes it would receive a negative connotation. Defining love is impossible. Robots cannot process it. Love Love Love Love. My mind (in logical mode) can't even choose a single descriptive word. "Warm" is a shit description (though it makes sense to us humans) and also not "logical". Mental comfort. What does a piece of software (robot) do with mental comfort? How does it have it? It is different than a mere "understanding", something robots (AI) strives for/achieves.




Clearly my path is easy if she really is out of reach. I just can't... accept it. Is it denial or perserverence or when I read her, do I feel as though she really is interested? Is it a complex combination of all 3?


They say "love never gives up" or something along those lines. That's what I mean when I say perserverence. My feelings are just too strong that I won't take no for an answer. Yada yada. But I mean I also respect her human/free-will and don't want to annoy her or bug her or distract her or... impede her free will.


Do I impede her free will if I modify certain behaviors in order to win her?
It's both.
Yes, because she isn't getting to see the "real unrestrained you".
No, because at no point does she lose the ability to walk away / stop talking to me / etc. She does not become my slave or property.




I know one thing is most likely true: Post-Launch, I will only ever meet gold diggers. I will never find love. They will be EXCELLENT actresses, but meh. That's just the thing: EVEN IF THEY WERE `GENUINE` (which there is no test (actually TODOreq: basically drugs used as truth syrums with really long sensory deprivation sessions. they can of course opt-out at any point, but they fail the 'test' at that point (can maybe retry later?))), I would not be able to fully trust that they are! I have trust issues, but I think I could/would/can/will trust Kaylee. Possibly other females if I started dating them BEFORE launch (of which I see no purpose since I will be hiding way the fuck too much from them (Kaylee's saying "no" now/before definitely factors into this me not being... ANYONE... right now. I simply do not exist))




Is she worth it?
vs
Achieving bliss for YOURSELF is the only achievement you can ever have ("whoah, had some pretty deep thoughts bro")?

They are the same to me!
She factors into the bliss!
and yet being completely uncensored is also part of the bliss!


Gah.
Do I just have to cross my fingers and hope infinite multiverse theory takes over and she ends up liking ME? The unrestrained/uncensored/funny/asshole BUT STILL NICE (because I want to be nice, regardless of my "blunt conversation" addiction (which is toggle'able)) me?


I mean, shit, at this point infinite multiverse theory has to be real. I just don't think I'll have a chance at existing otherwise. I mean, I'm here... I think. So it already has proven itself A BIT? Kinda true~
Though not guaranteed to be true. Neither is my existence.
Assassination, Kaylee liking the "uncensored" me, software (gotta code the right shit! has to work! so many "wastes of time"), etc.

It's a possibility.
Everything's a possibility.

"Relative Certainty" factors in.
I cannot predict the future, so it really can't even be calculated.


I am relatively certain that I exist, but I only acknowledge the possibility... and HOPE.... that infinite multiverse theory is real/right/correct/exists(?).


Hope means dick. Christians hope heaven is real. "Faith" = Hope + ??????something
I have to logically deduce that I am relatively certain that it exists, otherwise I can only acknowledge it MIGHT, and HOPE it does.

It is problematic because it might be a losing strategy. It might mean throwing away all of life. My life. The only life you can ever perceive is your own. The only life you can enjoy is your own. Passing things down to future generations should be a side effect of your being (LIBRE SOCIETY FUCK YEA). I must consider losing, live in preparation for it... yet REFUSE TO YIELD ENTIRELY BECAUSE IF I AM WINNING THEN I SHOULD NOT BE RESTRAINED BECAUSE THIS IS THE BEST FORM OF LIVING/BLISS?
s/ENTIRELY/EVER

I have to bet. I have to bet my life. I don't like the idea of betting my life. I lose, I die.
I win, I die... but after enjoying it first?

IF I DON'T PLAY (CURRENT PATH), I die and lose both.


So LOGICALLY (MOTHER FUCKER!), my options are:
PLAY: Lose + Die
PLAY: WIN + Die
DONTPLAY: Lose + Die



Goddamnit I fucking love logic. SINCE THERE IS NO OCCURANCE OF WIN IN ANYTHING BUT 'PLAY', I must play. Whether I "HOPE" I win or have "Relative Certainty" that I will win is _IRRELEVANT_. WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT.


So I have to live unrestrained/uncensored because it is my only chance at winning. Winning MORE would be being with Kaylee and her liking me for who I am... but it would be losing if you were to sacrifice certain behaviors to modify/restrain/censor yourself in order to convince/manipulate her to being with you.


I'm not ENTIRELY sure of the above paragraph. Are there ever situations where it is worth restraining yourself in the name of love?
Love itself. True love. "Nothing can get in the way of love".




Perhaps the reason I can't logic passed love ENTIRELY
is because love is irrational. Emotions are irrational. Life is irrational, but there/here it is~.


Logic + Love = mindfuck


I DON'T KNOW WHY I LOVE YOU I JUST FEEL COMPELLED TO DO SO. Should I fight it? Should I fight myself? Or let it flow, let yourself go?


Logically letting yourself go and letting it flow and being driven towards love by means of impulsive behavior can even mean manipulatively/sociopathically modifying yourself for her.


"Let yourself go" = "you manipulate yourself, because it's what you want to do, to be with her"
"Let yourself go" = "not give a fuck what anybody thinks. be yourself"


They are both "letting yourself go". Does that mean it takes CONTROL to "not let yourself go" (not manipulate her) in order to "let yourself go" (not give a fuck/be yourself)?????? RRRRRRROOOOOOOOFFFFLLLLLLLL

Damn I love logical contradictions. Is it just me or is the English language too small? We need more words. Fuck. Fuck, fuck fuck Fuck? Fuck! Fuck fuck fuck; fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.