I'm in a metaphor in this doc (obviously). I am a human body and I am in a tunnel like thing (wormhole-ish, except no implications for time travel fuck that shit -- just think visual k?). I am moving along the Z axis in 3d space and am traveling through the tunnel. Each "tick" on the Z axis is a "second" (or whatever, instant, nanosecond, whatever whatever (vectors ftw)) in time. Each.. body... and the position it was in, stays, at every tick in the Z-Axis. I am always moving forwards so there is no bodies in front of me (at least in the metaphor lol "everything has happened before (but that still was in the past (assuming multiverse theory ONLY WITH "bang instances", and btw even if there was spatial multiverses, that would just mean multiple tunnels and bodies so fuck you))". So yea I become self aware and freeze up as I realize that my movements are futile/pointless/repeated/'finite'(?). Oh did I mention the tunnel is infinite both directions? Ofc. So after analyzing my own situation thoroughly and to the best of my ability I conclude that there is absolutely no purpose to my movement. Move if you enjoy it, stay motionless if you don't. ***Just remember that if you're motionless, you might as well be dead ;-)***


There is also the Kaylee (or just "Love" -- but I write from my perspective and expect the reader to abstract it (I will try to allow them to do so without difficulty at least)) factor: Shit I forgot it but thought of it while eating breakfast. It was something along the lines of "go for her because there is nothing else" ?? I don't think that was it actually, but it seemed like a good chunk of logic that heavily pursuaded me into pursuing her (pursuit at this point means by censoring myself lmfao).






If I make her my "goal" so to speak (terrible choice of words but w/e) then I do wonder if I miss out on other things. I live a different life, I spend less time up in my own head (alone, btw ;-P)... so I'm bound to live a completely different life. Will I miss out? I think Love is worth the pursuit, but I can't help but acknowledge the fact that I'd be compromising!

Oh here's another one: pretty much everything that happens is a compromise in some form. An easy example: you move your finger/limb/whatever and the compromise is the proteins spent in doing so. I don't know if I had this thought after the above paragraph, I thought it was when I was still in bed idfk.



I do feel stupider. I saw evidence of it last night too in my writings! Love makes you stupid. Whey the call it "fall in love" etc. But guess what, I also figured out now / last-night that THERE IS NO PROBLEM IN THE WORLD THAT I NEED TO TACKLE/SOLVE. I am at the "enjoy this fucking shit" stage and........ guess the fuck what......... Love is probably the best form of enjoyment [and especially long term satisfaction (depression from... loneliness (and/or possibly sensory deprivation :-P) also factors in)]. I want to live a satisfying life............................ it's not like my coding is going anywhere.



I might focus on it less...... I might throw myself at it less........ but I've more or less already completed my goal anyhow. The designs etc are written down and THAT'S GOOD ENOUGH [not really, but should be lmao]. They'll get made eventually, I won't have to lift a finger. Still I mean I do enjoy writing code :-P so I'll likely do both.




Drugs is another topic, but I am crossing my fingers that she'll have a lenient policy such as "not around kids, not physically hurting you, not a constant thing", etc etc. I could easily go doing drugs far less, but I don't know if I could/would give them up. I like to say tough guy things like "Yea if dat bish wants to control me and tell me not to do drugs den fugger"..... but I mean she should definitely have a say because in some weird abstract/metephorical(?) way, we'd be combining our lives (that's what marriage/etc is imo). Of course she should have a say!!!! I think I could very easily and quite comfortably only smoke weed a few times a week (or even once a day is low enough imo -- depending on timing... shouldn't be when kids are around and probably not if i'm with her either unless she joins lawl)... and only trip balls like... every other month... or even bi-annually. Bi-Annually for the rest of my life would be sufficient, but I'd like more often. I don't even like tripping THAT often. Shit's fucking nuts and you need to space it out tbh.



Launching is of course confusing and idk if I'll even do it 24/7/365 anymore... might take some stupid "serial business entrepreneur" route (that might end up making me way richer than if I 'launched' (idgaf about money)). I haven't given up completely on "launch" but I'm still... eh... letting the factors work themselves out in my brain? idfk


Oh yea, that one thing (this real life world) is a.. "chaos message collider" or something. We need the ability to interact with each other otherwise evolution breaks down. How we are able to interact with each other is confusing. The "dimensions" enter in only when the people factor in (they are still there otherwise, but not experienced by anyone/anything so might as well not be there). Idk was just writing about it the other day and wanted to add the word "collider". Chaos because so many humans on the planet, message because that's all thoughts/writings/talkings/etc are, collisions because that's pretty much what happens with so many ideas all floating about".







So I will dance in that tunnel indefinitely in a kid friendly manner, I suppose. Because it's fun and/or feels good man.









A weird argument and/or compare contrast. It probably says a lot about our evolution/society (but maybe this is present in most/every evolution?): What is more 'popular'? Adult Media or Kid Media? I'd say that those two are probably the two biggest categories of entertainment. There's of course like mid-life and teenage etc (sfw) but those two have a pretty fragmented landscape. I have never pitted Adult/Kid media in this way to see which is more popular (and therefore more profitable) because I don't give a shit about money, but then it popped into my head like yesterday and made a good discussion. Most everybody likes porn (esp. among men). Everyone starts as a child. For a more noble pursuit/argument (if I had a pinpointed target in what I wish to accomplish especially), targetting Children is definitely more influential! By the time porn people watch porn, they're [generally (woot generalizing)] pretty fucking stupid adults. Children can still be shaped and crafted by the entertainment media itself (see: Disney). For me only Kaylee really factors in, so I guess I'm going with children media [for now? (you know, in case I get teh rejection and launch later and am like fuck it)]. I should also note that in this world you can really only choose one or the other. Your name attached to a single adult media pretty much kills your chances at children media. Of course porn consumers don't care if you also make children media :-P, but eh the equation fails solely beause of the prudes.

I do have a general goal, I just remembered: to increase the average intelligence of the world. If I was to truly devote myself to that goal, Kaylee would not factor in and I'd choose Children simply because they're easier to manipulate (this is old news and has been discussed and even performed many many times. See: Disney. It's also strangely not illegal lmfao). Also because porn does not make you smarter lmfao. Idk I mean.... I don't JUST mean porn..... I mean... coding in the nude. Talking in the nude. Living in the nude. I am a nudist.... but I mean I'd also film me fucking random gold diggers BECAUSE WHY THE FUCK NOT. I am actually pretty certain Kaylee agrees with and/or understands and/or appreciates the "nudist" argument. It isn't that that gets me..... it's the porn that kills it for her. Both the nudity and the porn kill the "children media critics" though (and not having them pretty much means you can't sell/display shit anywhere (no idea what this means. Would my children media be on the internet or in stores or both or what? idfk because this is a new'ish train of thought (at least with so much momentum))).

Still, I am not a slave to that goal. Yes it is a goal and yes it would be nice, but I'm not going to sweat it. Idiots will be idiots and will run rampant. I guess I'm too apathetic. Didn't I deduce a few days ago that since I don't care that I should go for the extreme good? Doesn't that also mean I should do children media without Kaylee factoring in? Did I forget I even decided that and then backtrack my logic? Am I retarded? Either way I'm now (especially after this paragraph) pretty set on children media :-P. Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh man this is going to be weird/difficult.... censoring so much.... >_>
btw for you idiot critics, everybody censors. We adult humans censor left and right for children. It is normal and/or acceptable (but that doesn't mean I approve of it or agree with it!). Should it matter that I'm censoring porn that I made in my younger years? Does that now mean all my children targetted media should now not be consumed by children? They would probably all say yes because it's the safer route and are predictable idiots.