Re: Judge judgers
Copyleft (etc) is the spirit of acknowledging, accepting, and embracing: contradiction.

The little switcheroo can be used in many aspects of life, and essentially boils down to: "fuck fuckers unless they too only fuck fuckers".

Auto felatio comes to mind.

I wonder if the copyleft-abstracted "concept" has a word, or if I can/should/will define one! I DUB THEE (had:CALL IT) BALLSACK SHENANIGANS!


Nah but seriously my mind is searching for a word (even if "not technically a word") related to/derived from "contradiction". Contradiction has negative implications though, so maybe should be avoided (PR MATTERS HURRRRRRRR (I sometimes put things in my anus when masturbating)).


Hell, even "evil" has the very same application:
Evil is bad unless it is used against evil itself (sometimes peace just doesn't work :-/ (at least in 2013 on Earth (idiots everywhere))).


"Only apply evil to those who apply evil, with exception to those who only apply evil to those who apply evil" -- best wording yet (but still no "single word"), although a bit too verbose/wordy :-/


Slap-a-da-bitcha, slappadabitcha /random



"Love" fits.
Copyleft = Love

:)


but meh, ambiguities...


Ambugiuous so still conjuring (tempted to put: searching), but tbh LOVE is the best singular word to describe it so far!

There's also the problem that THE STUPID (there are many) can be users of copyright/patents and still have genuine "love" (relationship style), so it's kind of.... idk.... difficult to convince them that they aren't loving (as in, exhibiting love)?


"Human contradiction at it's best" -me :)


UltraContradiction


It doesn't really illustrate that it's intended for the protection of something good. UltraContradiction still has that negative connotation.

BadGood

Bad4Good

Meet fire with fire

Extinguish at first sign of...


ConGo

Contradiction for good~
Congo is already a word, and that kind of even makes it sexier. The differentiation would be through the uppercase G. The fact that it stirs up imagery of THE MOTHERFUCKING JUNGLE let's the user's imagination run wild with it. We did evolve from the jungle, after all. It could invoke imagery of "WE WILL TEAR YOU TO FUCKING PIECES IF YOU ARE EVIL", survival of the fittest type shit, love formed in communities in the jungle (primitive man/monkay (lol kay)), etc (note those are all the same but in different wording).

ConBad also fits and isn't ambugiuous with any wording. "We contradict ourselves only to deal with bad". Now has negative connotation again :(.

Ziipe