The jolt was indescribable (though I will attempt it). Electrified is a vast understatement. I should also mention that there were 4 particular "moments". The pre-jolt (dream state, forgotten), the jolt itself (utter bliss), the moment of confusion, and the moment of understanding, acceptance, and leftover adrenaline. I was not confused during the jolt itself. I wasn't anything. I was not human. Take every word in the entire dictionary and every thought that every human has ever had. Wrap them up in a nice neat little package with a bow tie and put that box inside your brain and pull the ribbon loose. It was a flood of knowledge. Incomprehensible yet entirely understood. It was too fast. I will perhaps yearn for that feeling for the rest of my days. I hope I can attain it again through what I am attempting with my life. A permanent state of that. 5 minute bursts would be nice too (because if there's nothing to compare it to (sobriety in this case), it *might* loose it's appeal??), I just want/need more than the violent jolt of a brief moment in time.

I perhaps had an entire universe occur in my brain during that brief moment. From the big bang to the big collapse (assuming they don't happen over and over (which I actually think they do (so wtf am I on about? Who knows, just theorizing)))). That's a description of it and given how very little we know of reality, it may have actually happened (we are (i am) stupid).

Take the best adrenaline rush or high you've ever had and multiply it by a million. Now completely forget whatever you're attempting to imagine (because you, by definition, have never experienced it) because it's way off. It isn't "not enough", per se... it is merely the wrong description. It may have actually been exactly as I described it initially: perhaps every synapse thingo inside my brain lit up simultaneously? Would have been cool to have one of those heatmaps attached.


I don't know what it was, but I think/hope it is what I will experience when I "peak" in my post-launch days. I have experienced things similar and leading up to the feeling, but I always felt there was much to be done in my brain before I could truly/fully enjoy/embrace the totallity(sp?) of the trip (bliss).