I am infinitely rare, yet occur infinite times. Something something something, feel feels real (therefore is).

Each time I am alive, feel feels real. Feel is the meaning of life. Love is a feel. Feel is many many things, including mental satisfaction. The simpler example is your hand touching a piece of wood ;-).


It is possible that infinite occurances that are infinitely rare may be unable to (because of the laws of physics within that infinite 3d "plane") communicate with each other because they're just TOO DAMN FAR APART (this being spatial, idk if time factors in) that the laws of physics don't allow it. I don't think (and wasn't it recently disproven?) that the speed of light is the upper limit, but I am willing to bet there is one. EITHER WAY, you _cannot_ travel at infinity mph. The "limit" (calculus) can approach infinity mph, sure, but you can NEVER reach it. This is of course just a guess :-).



I do think we're so "complex" (aka rare) that you'd have to go... RIDICULOUSLY FUCKING FAR (in terms of "light-[earth]years") that the "total diameter of our universe" would seem ridiculously insignificant on the .00000[big-fucking-number-here]00001 of 1% scale. man i suck at math terminology but at least it's easy to understand :-P. err what i'm saying is our "molucular geographical (3d space) 3d array in c++" (takes IMolecule or something) has a complexity that is so large that seeing it in 100% duplicate form is, while definitely possible, rifuckingdick(lmfao)ulously far away and light doesn't even get close to one of it's neighbors (even non-100%-same ones perhaps) during an entire "bang instance" (and we can't observe (therefore communicate)) the light that we didn't dispatch (like, a response to a previous bang instance's request (lol @ rpc generator similarities here) received in a current bang instance will likely be ignored. if you didn't make the request you don't know to look for a response.

i can't fathom an end to "space" (specifically not talking about "our universe" only), the concept.... "a" concept... can't be summoned to answer it hypothetically. a wall? walls have "the other side" (-my 6th grade teacher mrs. claymore (never realized how awesome that name is until now))

i can't fathom a beginning (or end) to time. if there was a beginning to time, what happened before it? if there's an end to time, what happens after it? just because time isn't perceived doesn't mean it doesn't happen... it just means the gap between "perceived" and "perceived" (say, two bang instances) "seems" instantaneous (because there is nobody there for it to "seem" TO). communication between both "perceived" bang instances (time becomes relative to the length of your life (this might be wrong idfk)) is irrelevant.









Only feel can only feel real, it can't be proven but doesn't need to be imo. I feel therefore I feel! Fuck Yea (is a derivative, but I wouldn't say a complete ripoff). I bet it's been said on /b/ but I doubt they came up with it the same way as me ;-P.

That "Only feel" sentence was intentionally written like Dr. Seuss ish. What I mean to say is that the exception only applies to the word "feel". To understand easier, drop the first "only".