drugs

are another factor that come into the tor/hidden + public/not-hidden + lie-free atomsphere?



i am 100% sure that i want to do drugs
hell, i even want to make a stand for them

but i am also 100% sure that i don't want to do any jail/prison time for them
life is too short, to quote dr. kevorkian


maybe just move somewhere else?



starting a country would be ideal.. but expensive and challenging. then you have to worry about defenses etc



dosing while live might be a challenge too

i could just say that it's sugar (snorting etc) or tobacco (smoking etc)

but shit.

then i'd be lying


howfo drugs + live + not lie?

don't say anything?
just hit dat shit

howfo AQUIRE drugs without lying (which includes hiding shit?)

i just don't know
perhaps what i want is unattainable
perhaps there is conflicting logic and i just haven't thought it out enough yet

a small lie (drug acquisition + dosing (neither of which are lies, they are just hidden)) can grow enormously in size
especially if you're broadcasting live
errbody will question you
and your evading the question will raise eyebrows even higher

i don't know what to do

i just want to trip balls and tell the truth
but that will land me a ticket to prison

fuck.


maybe make a stand?


do you have the balls?

is it a justifiable gamble?

would it work???


barracade yourself inside


threaten to suicide if they come inside


broadcast everything (this will be censored right before invasion)


maintaining uplink would be difficult
without a voice i am powerless


but i know i can reason my way through it



"LEAVE ME ALONE. AM I CAUSING HARM TO ANYONE????? FUCK OFF."


it wouldn't work

politics
businesses
religionfags

etc

wouldn't stand for it

"SHUT THAT GUY UP"

and their arm would just be following orders
for if they don't, then their ass is on the line
nobody will put their own ass on the line
'just following orders'

i'd need to talk directly to the arm
unfortunately, they tend not to be very smart

it only takes one willing to follow orders without questioning them
to silence/kill/censor me


fuck.


i....... loooooooovvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeee.......... dddddddddrrrrrrruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuggggggggggggsssssssssssssss



offline/hidden it is?


maybe a voice in text only?


tor hidden services galore with constant typing realtime?

"hello niggers. today is now 'xyz1234'"

but i want to use my VOICE
my literal voice
to speak
as i type
and code
explain logic

there needs to be a human element
for sympathy/empathy/relating/somethingidfk

typing, seeing keystrokes
is not enough

my death would be boring. i'd just stop typing

whereas if i was on film, it would be a huge event and cause an uproar

i don't want to be a martyr. i want to live. (also want to trip balls :-P)