I am balancing/weighing:
a) Paranoia of Assassination && Shame -- disappears by Not Launching
vs.
b) Paranoia of Jacked -- disappears by Launching



Actually that (a) 'disappears' is not entirely true. It is only lessened. HOWEVER (b) is definitely and entirely true: paranoia of jacked is obliterated! Should I go with (b) simply because it is the only one that brings a certain gain? Weighing in "assassination" (fuck shame) changes everything really. Shame and Paranoia of Jacked do not factor in if you are dead. It's hard to accurately factor it in because I don't have much "real world experience" (lol politics will quote this I bet, fuck em). I mean it in a different sense than the kind of real world experience you need to run a country (as the phrase is often used). I mean that I have no life or friends or fame [yet]. I mean sure I have a few friends and I am alive... but I think the amount of friends I will/can have... and the quality of life itself.... and bleh the fame too... will change everything. That change has yet to be experienced because I am 24. I have only read about it, seen it in movies, watched in on TV, and heard about it in the news and from friends. Both news and friends are untrustworthy sources (ESPECIALLY news): they can and do modify it for their own agenda (usually just profit, zzzzz). The decision I am trying to make with shitty sources of information is the ACTUAL rate at which human beings are assassinated. Movies and all other forms of media scare me. In my 24 years, I only know of one person (my neighbor) being murdered. I don't know the details of it so I can learn nothing from it (my parents make up conspiracy theories left and right and well, they're pretty dumb (christians love jumping to conclusions -- that's why they're christians)). The only way to find out is to find out; and by then you're [probably] already dead. So there is no way to find out?

Is it a conspiracy to keep me from expressing myself? To keep me living in fear? Perhaps it is an accidental side effect of their agenda towards profit?

Should I be afraid? Yes
I've said before that the paranoia of assassination will never leave you. I don't know if it's unhealthy or not (unhealthy if you don't get killed (was a waste of time), healthy if you do get killed (wasn't a waste of time -- but apparently you didn't waste enough time on it)). There is a middle ground where you don't get killed and it still isn't a waste of time (your paranoia kept you alive!).



"disappears" in (a) should really read "lessens".



Fuck shame. I can handle shame. I can only handle it cold turkey (that is to say, I don't know if I can handle it right now), but I'm not worried about it locking me up. Assassination is the only relevant and worthwhile consideration.