I'd rather be eaten by a mountain lion than spend the rest of my days pretending to be someone I'm not just so I can hold down a job and/or make money in general. At least with the mountain lion, I get to be myself and enjoy life for every minute I'm alive. A few painful/scary seconds and it's over, whatever. Better than having barbed hooks in your back pulling some fat fuck for the duration. Worse (because the previous sentence is almost justifiable when it isn't corroupted like in this here dystopia): you have to pretend to be someone else the whole time too.

At least the mountain lion's intentions are pure: he wants to fucking eat me and absorb my energy into his body. There's no beating around the bush. Employers and society in general tell you they want you to enjoy life and to live a fulfilling life and to express yourself... meanwhile they want you to work overtime, give 110%, and be socially-acceptable/politically-correct.. BUT YOU HAVE A HOICE, they say (you really do: live in a tent kek): if you don't like it go do something else.

Old news is old: live well, die young; live shit, die old.


Using a black-n-white magnetic 1fps screen for an extended period of time makes going back to a 30fps full color screen FREAKING WEIRD. My eyes were orgasming when I stopped by my parents' house last week and used a regular desktop computer. It's hard to explain. A weird kind of form of sensory deprivation is the best explaination I can give. Like it seemed weird to be seeing colors. And the smoothness of my mouse/keystrokes... whoah! I do have that 1.8" 30fps full color screen out here, and I intend on writing MouseOrMotion2fbtft out here. Hell I could do it right now evne (fbcp is my only fb reference, ( should have transferred the tutorial I read on it instead :-/)... but yea too rusty on framebuffer code (would be my first time).

I'm forced to remembering and paying attention to my keystrokes, I don't look at the screen when I backspace a typo etc (well sometimes I do). I'm being forced to learn qt creator keyboard shortcuts and I'LL BE DAMNED some of them are actually very timesaving woot :-D...