i am made up of a billion trillion atoms (guess), but that pattern is not even close to .0000000[billion-trillion-zeros-goes-here]000001 of 1%, when working on a set of infinity. That same exact statement is true for any number substituted (both places), EXCEPT for infinity. The previous sentence is significant and I'm dying to figure out why.


Infinite of something is the ONLY number that is even a "remote" percentage (proportion) of that same something. Every other number is in-scaleable. It is actually not even number/.0000[infinity-zeros-goes-here0001 of 1%, the bottom is fixed at that with infinity, so of course all lesser numbers fit too. so 1/infinitely-small-decimal is zero. shit i learned that in calculus. i think maybe the other half of the math that i came up with is more significant (maybe? maybe not and i am just stupid doing low level calculus -_- (mb i should go back to school so as not to duplicate people's efforts? maybe "launching" + "internets" = realtime feedback from others warning me if duplicating significant piece of code/functionality/knowledge-timeline-thingo-that-i-guess-a-class(in-app)-would-teach-you)). shit what was it. oh yea, that it doesn't count for infinitely-high-number/infinitely-small-decimal. in that case: *thinks* : 


in either case (whether i remember or not), it's odd that it fuckin wigs out all of the sudden when it hits infinity


yea
it approaches zero as it approaches infinity, but when it hits infinity it is equal to one "all of the sudden". it never hits infinity? infinity is a concept? hmmmm so lost ofc.






i was thinking about kaylee when i thought this up




class IEverything;


class Kaylee : IEverything;
class Steven : IEverything;




i was trying to think about how/where the "new Steven()" line(s?) would run (and of course new Kaylee() too). Every universe if there's only a spatial universe (this is my selector, but applies also to cases where time multiverse exists as well) is a part of that IEverything, including the infinite copies of Steven/Kaylee (exact replicas in this case -- for simplifying thinking), and there are infinite of me. so there are infinite of me in infinite arrangements, therefore there's only one of me (that is the sum total of all of them?). This is bullshit because I can only really be sure that I'm controlling THIS ONE STEVEN of me, yet mathematically I am everything. Is Kaylee an expression (or "instance") of me? Are we neutral (no relation to other neutral thingo)? I am obviously not her, she is obviously not me, but we are both typeof(IEverything);... or at least inheritsFrom(IEverything); because idfk what typeof really does, but you get the idea. I am everything that "by chance" (the quote itself says that there is a chance!) evolved into Steven and Kaylee and yada yada all the other stuff (was tempted to put "everything else", but that'd be ambiguious). The sum toll of which is everything. I am quite certain that both versions of the multiverse COULD exist (at LEAST one of them (more confident in time, but pretty damn confident in space)), therefore it very probably does exist (infinity is real after all........... infinity is a conclusion drawn from the fact that i exist...... which is more of an assumption really but a fucking really good one ("i think therefore i am")). I am so rare but guaranfuckinteed. Every person and personality imaginable is guaranteed, therefore I am guaranteed.


What am I?
I am, or want to be, a person who sees straight through the truth, that life is arbitrary and pointless and everything you do has happened before (by you, too! (though not even necessarily)) and will happen again (ditto (ditto)). I want to pretend as though there is a sole objective. I want my objective to be self satisfying, continuous/indefinite, legal, kaylee-approved(because even lawyers (hated) are within the law!!! (porn is too)), and I intend on knowingly deluding myself that it's some grand and special goal that will solve all the problems of the earth and perhaps unlock the next stage of life or some stupid bullshit like that. I need to believe it so as to give my life purpose. Because without purpose, we sit around deflated and await our miserable deaths, lives wasted. Year 183,000. Global(Universal?) Average Intelligence. Communication Software. gg.

I also want love because I believe it is a vital part of the human experience. Without it life tends to be empty, dull, depressing. Sure you've managed a few years in your room alone (have you really managed that well though.................?), but doing this for an entire lifetime is fucking stupid and I'd rather blow my fucking brains out right now than consider doing that. Need moneh asep (used to be: need2launch asep (note, not a typo/not a "was:"... just used to be until i'm now considering... not... launching... *gasp*)). Kaylee's the most interesting, has the most agreeable morals, is a fucking 11/10 on the looks scale, and WILL MAKE WONDERFUL BABIES (just kidding, already wrote that "and" and was too lazy to backspace it after deciding to just write three (inb4 you say "why not more?"). she probably would though xD, because she already has).



I don't need to decipher love to get (ed note: understand) it. I don't need to understand emotion to feel it. For that I am grateful/happy/something/see-i-dont-even-fucking-know-what-emotion-it-makes-me-feel. WHATEVER THE FUCK love is, it's real and it feelsgoodman.jpg