dream defamation can't be illegal

As I was writing last night's dreams, I was hesitant to use the name of the girl. I am growing more and more hesitant about everything lately. I am contemplating anonymity (but that's another subject). Ok what I've written so far has very little to do with defamation, but it's still related because I believe accuracy is important. Do pseudonyms suffice? I think my writing about her would probably piss her off (though this acknowledgement of that might negate it (and that acknowledgement of the acknowledgement might negate it again (so on and so forth infinitely (these infinite doo-dads (which I use often) put the ball back in their court, I hope/believe)))).

Onto the main subject: defamation, a form of speech, is illegal. I think that's bullshit but what I think apparently doesn't matter. Dream defamation, however, MUST be legal. My dreams are, 99% of the time, NOT in my control. Should they depict an event that would otherwise be considered defamation of someone, the mere documentation of said dream cannot be considered defamation! As in, I would say it's a violation of human rights to prevent a person from documenting a dream just because his/her subconscious depicted an entity performing an act they didn't actually do. The event might be provably false, but the dream itself was real!

When we write while awake, we are in control (mostly, though this is obviously arguable) of what we write... so we can be held accountable for not defaming another person. When we dream, it is our subconscious that is in control and our forelobe is merely along for the ride (except in lucid dreaming lol (TODOreq: defame someone (as in, well them into existence and then will them into doing an "indecent" act) in a lucid dream and then write about it (FUCK THE POLICE))).


I had a dream where I was searching for ambugious accuracy and that I had found it: it was that I would say such and such happened in a dream, within this dream, and then others in the dream would know that I was making a waking request/statement, but the courts/lawyers within the dream could not prove that I wasn't talking about something (subconsciously out of my control!) in the dream within the dream.
