The 2 mirroring dystopias.

Dystopia 1: Capitalism where a ridiculously rich and powerful minority own all the resources that are harvested for nearly free by robots and then sold to the majority in exchange for their labor/life.

Dytopia 2: Those same robots owned by "the people"/government where inhumane population control is in effect. Because if we have a global welfare, the floodgates for reproduction will be wide open and overpopulation quickly becomes a huge problem. Capitalism inhumanely combats this: nobody wants a kid if the kid will starve to death.




The solution to one dystopia causes the other.







The actual solution is perhaps impossible, but I think it is something along the lines of: self sustaining auto scaling auto replicating zero cost (in terms of human labor) robotic communism where the floodgates are allowed to be wide open because each "self sustaining instance" (i guess each person is given 1 'room' (think cube grid, but with a modifier i'm about to mention) at birth?) is located in outer space and depends only on energy received from nearby stars/etc, which are plentiful.

There is simply not enough room to open the floodgates while we are inhabiting earth. It might be necessary to temporariliy enact an inhumane population control mechanism, but this should be done with extreme caution and monitoring. A revolution revolting against the de facto existence (still clinging to the inhumane population control) might even be necessary to escape it!


What to do with earth becomes a difficult question. I say we leave it and let it be. I mean still watch it with telescopes and possibly even video cameras (we'll already have left plenty of other proof of our existence), but let human nature do it's thing. We might be surprised in the results. Another species may evolve (more likely, humans re-evolve from monkeys (especially with all the shit we'll leave behind)). Who gets to live on earth if the floodgates are wide open ON THE CONDITION that the vast emptiness of space is used to solve population control? Who? We who were merely born first? Horse shit.

Note to self: invest in land on earth. It will always go up because the population is always going up. Durrrr. The best area to invest in is "land that is not in use but NEAR a booming area". Eventually the population of that booming area will demand use of your land, and you get to charge whatever the economics functions shit out.


Revolving Revolting Revolutions Rotating Randomly [something that starts with R that represents 'infinitely']