Cold Turkey Courage Itself! It is not a matter of "pretending until it becomes natural", as someone had suggested to me. It is a conscious choice! It is explicit. I will from this point forward be couragous. I don't know if that is me actually saying it or if that's me just stating what needs to be said (so I guess this means I will say/think it at launch forward). I think I _COULD_ say it right now, but it would in the end break lots of my carefully organized "launch" procedures. It would mean that I have not a single thing to hide. I can't wait for that day to come. Launch here I come. So close yet to far. I am dead until I launch (no wonder I am so utterly bored).

I tend to only think about the programming after launch, but in a weird way talking to myself/everyone will also serve as a form of counseling and/or socializing. It will improve my state of mind is what I'm saying. Knowing I am being heard will be enough for me to qualify it as "socializing" (even though strictly speaking, it isn't). I just mean that, in the same way it has served me even when used privately, talking to myself will serve as a form of counseling. I know I have counseled myself before (didn't I just...), so I know it's possiblef or it to be done again. I wonder how I'll change. I wonder what I'll end up regretting. Hopefull nothing because this chaotic path is the path that took me here. It may also be the path to bring me to a premature death. Except there is no such thing as "premature" when referring to those paths. The death was always to come anyways. Embrace it. Only if you can prove you have free will can you convince me that your actions might divert death. All your attempts at free will (security, etc) don't prove that your inevitable death would have come any sooner or later than when it did. So you may very well die with a feeling of "oh well all of that security was pointless", but also perhaps "damnit should have used more security". I don't want to fall into the latter category, but I also don't want to waste my entire life on security! Gah the same old security problem meets me again! How much is the "perfect" amount. I would say "aim for perfect and err JUST on the side of too-secure". It is the only tangible point that can be utilized. Is that what I'm doing with Rpc Generator and is it ultimately killing me because it's delaying the launch by so much? Remember, this is real fucking life we're talking about here. It is so fragile and so precious. Guard it definitely.



Hmm should I anon? Oh perfect time for a poop while I think about that question only.