a perspective on a perspective

"i like movies"
lou hypothetically said back, or at least thought: "everybody likes movies you dolt"

he is right in his own mind because he would accept my eventual counter argument that there might be or it's at least possible that at least one person doesn't like movies thus proving that wrong. the correct form is "practically everybody likes movies". HOWEVER, practically is a word that is difficult/possibly-impoissible to program (the purpose of this document is to explore that). we human beings are able to generate practically with ease because we have perspective. there is both what happens in the real world from our perspective and then there is our conscience/perspective-on-that. we do not see everything that happens to us, we get but a glimpse. so our perspective(conscience) is a subset of the entire perspective of us. we are more of a... rolling ball of chaos (naturally selected and so forth) that modifies it's environment. that ball of chaos is the perspective in that it is the underlying cause of the fact that everbody likes movies (or something). i'm trying too hard to connect the two perhaps. focus more on the word practically. the <humansOnEarthCountRightNow> balls of chaos ACTUALLY roaming around (as it happens) is a perspective. it is a... snapshot of chaos collision... that will very likely never be reproduced EXACTLY anytime "soon" (yay more subjective words) (however, infinity guarantees that it emerges infinite times eventually).

when dealing with pure numbers and definitions, it's easy to quantify "practically everybody" as... (*pulls randomly out of his ass because he is a human*)... 99.99999999% of the world population likes movies.... but a computer/AI/etc would have to define "practically everybody" as "at least one person might not like movies". it loses it's weight towards being very likely to be true because "very likely to be true" is also difficult to program for that same reason.

i don't think i got much out of this and i didn't come up with a formula for calculating what "practically everybody" means for a given snapshot of all of chaos collisions (and perspectives therein, which is where the opinion is formed to begin with) at a given point in time.

in a sense, we all share that same perspective, even though we are independently modifying it in parrallel (unless they are all constructs of my mind or something like the matrix is reality etc, of course).

this is at least one universe in which it APPEARS that there are roughly 7 billion balls of "human status" (in evolution) chaos roaming around, which gives us 7 billion perspectives into that (at least one) universe. 7 billion opinions on whether they like movies and each one with their own (because "practically everybody" is subjective) definition of what "practically everybody" is as well. how then, does a robot/AI proceed into quantifying it? average them all together? actually shit that's not a bad idea. i think/feel-like doing the actual math and using that as a definition would be cheating or at least not reusable in other equations. we need to come up with a reusable formula that AI/robots could use to generate practically without necessarily even viewing that snapshot of chaos (because time travel isn't possible?).