one tunnel, one time, one now

saw a "fork" in tunnel yesterday

seemless tunnel... "switching" (immortality implications etc)

kaylee and launch incompatible? map out scenarios

Infinity approaching infinity





So eh yea this is sort of an addendum to that gem document i wrote the other day. I thought of it just a few minutes after saving/closing it, but eh just let it sit in my head because I knew I wouldn't forget it. i I (already forgot about that!). Anyways, it's a pretty sweet discovery and also very simple/common sense.

assume:
Infinite multiverse theory (spatial) = true;
Infinite multiverse theory (time) = true;

even if both of those are true, there is still only one NOW.


each universe in the spatial multiverse is 1:1 identical by composition, but the geographical coordinates are different! the key is understanding the difference between "perceived same" (multiverses are teh same) and "actual same". Multiverses are only ever [and also only somtimes (but that means ALWAYS in infinity speak)] "perceived same". From the inside of one of them, I don't know which one I'm in. I'm in the one I'm in, but communicating with or even confirming others are here is beyond our technical capabilities for now.

each univere in the time multiverse is 1:1 by perception also. but in this case, it CAN be composed of the same materials (atoms, whatever)... just not at the same time. "bang instances".



So yes, even though all of this has happened before and will happen again (past, present, future)... THIS IS A SPECIFIC INSTANCE and it is singular.

I've heard it said in stupid poetic type sayings "there is only one time and it is now". Pretty stupid if you ask me, but with minor corrections it can be fixed: "there is only one here and now and this is it" (though there may be DUPLICATES that are *perceived* to 'break' that 'one' rule, they really do not. Even if they have the exact same [relative] time (as in "bang instance" infinite multiverses), the [global] times are not the same. Or if the global times are the same, then the geographic coordinates are not! Two atoms cannot occupy the same space at the same time.

Global = a terrible choice of words, considering it implies PLANETARY. What I mean is.... "_THE_ time". Not the age of the universe either, but a timer that continues running and never resets even in between bang instances.






I saw a fork in a tunnel yesterday as I was riding my bike. Was just riding no hands at low speed for relaxation and enjoyment jamming out to tunes with my giant over ear headphones, beating my hands on my thighs as I rode..... and randomly I look to the left and some girl had popped her head over the neighborhood wall (I was on a neighborhood sidewalk, but on my left was a wall and on the right a 30mph street). I turned smiled waved and said hello just as/about/before/psbly-after-because-all-so-fast-like-3-seconds-tops a second girl popped her head up. The first one must have said something like "hey check this guy out" (she saw me jamming (I'm shy and usually stop when I see someone seeing me (something I intend on defeating!))). I feel like I could have stopped and talked to them, and I even felt a "whoosh" go through my brain as I considered it. They were both pretty good looking, but may have been < 18 (as a side note, I saw a cutie that was definitely less than 18 just like 60 seconds before. She was riding her bike too and had headphones on. Extremely good looking but the point is, as I rode away from her (she stopped to turn into a gate and I past her and said "excuse me" just a few feet away) the main topic on my mind was jailbait in general. I can't afford to get arrested and thrown into prison just for some jailbait, as much as I want to. I was saying things like "my mind won't let my body have what it wants" but then I changed it to "a part of my mind won't let another part of my mind have what it wants" and like thinking about it in the LONG TERM (indefinite), staying legal is definitely a good idea. Maybe I should move to sweden (15 fuck yea). So eh yea those two at the wall might have been >= 18, but they were right around the grey area so idk. I also am just a pussy and didn't stop. I also can't let someone get to know me until I launch... I'm too shy/quiet/secretive/etc. But yea quite a bit after I rode away from them (I didn't stop), I realized it was a fork in my tunnel and I could have chosen! I'm just........ idfk........ trying to study free will... I guess. Do I even have it? It's like yes and no simultaneously I'm so fucking confused. I think yes. Just because I did the same choice before doesn't mean I'm not choosing to do it again! I could also choose not to (but I'd also have chosen not to before also! but that doesn't matter either! It is/was still a choice (but seeing as I am CHEMICALLY driven, don't the chemical reactions happen the exact same in each 'duplicate' universe and so therefore I do NOT have free will because I'll use the same calculations (even if on a subconscious level) and ultimately end up doing everything the same over and over? Man what the fuck. No idea how many close parenthesis are missing here lmfao. Oh and also Kaylee factors in. If I give up on her then I'd be more willing to stop and talk ya know? But meh I just can't :-P. My intuition tells me she likes me even though her words have said otherwise! Her words were forced/squeezed out "all of the sudden" on dat phone call... so fuck em. I planted a seed and have definitely noticed a change in our interactions...... a change for the better. I think/hope this world will end up being pretty damn close to perfect :-D.






So yes, I am singular in this ONE tunnel during this ONE time (that can repeat only relatively, not 'globally' (gah need to think of a better one))......... what are the implications for immortality?

Space: Infinite Stevens are infinitely parrallelly operating and also infinitely branching off. I am only in ONE of them (this one), but I am also writing that in each and every one! I have no "ID" that I can refer to to differentiate one from the next, I can ONLY refer to this one as this one... and all the rest as all the rest. Note that 'this' one becomes a part of 'all the rest' when I write 'all the rest' in ANOTHER 'this' (that is part of "this this"'s all the rest). If I die in this one, I die in those ones, but I also don't (the branches). Since those are branches and not identical, obviously I fucking die in this one. But seeing as they're all identical 1:1 and I don't know which one I'm in, does my conscience seemlessly/transparently ignore the ones that result in death? BECAUSE I CAN'T _BE_ DEAD (because when I am dead, I no longer "am"). Or something. Such a complicated subject and mostly filled with hypothesis -_-. Scary to "test" :-P.

Time: This is more or less the same except that the duplications happen in different "bang instances".


On one hand I say it's bullshit: If I die here then I die for reals and for good etc. I should be careful and utilize anonymity and yada yada! On the other, it makes sense that if I put myself into "forge forward fearless" mode in each and every one (by putting myself in it in this one and being confident that I will do the same again in some of the others (read:infinite of them)), that my death (even if real) becomes insignificant because in certain other instances (spatial or time), I _DON'T_ die (and that's pretty much guaranteed when talking about infinity). By being in forge forward fearless mode I make the most progress and also live the most fulfilling life, so obviously it's something I want to do if I can. Remember that "not going forward" is essentially dead........ so what the fuck are your options here anyways? I could still do "forge forward anon/hacker/secret" and not be idle/dead, remember!?!?!?

I can't test it (if I live, how do I know I didn't just.... live...)... and it's especially untestable from the 3rd person (everybody else sees me die in all the various branches where I die). All I can do is think about it and analyze it..... but I doubt I'll ever find a piece of logic that gives me 'enough' confidence in it. I just gotta.... (brace for lulz): have faith. Pretty sure I made that joke before. I don't know what the fuck to do :(.





I'm sort of... confused... with how Kaylee and Launch affect each other. If I started dating her before launching, I think/worry that I'd never launch. If I launch before, then she may never date me (esp if vulgar :-P)...... but I mean if I censor myself in a launch before dating her, it still is complicated when you factor in the whole 24/7/365 thing. They appear at a glance to be a conflict, but really that depends on... her. Would she then join the show? What about her daughter? Does the show just become reality TV focusing on a single house (where a guy in the house just happens to be a fucking coding god?). Idk if she'd be down for that tbh. So I guess a question I should ask is if I'd be willing to give up Launch for her? I could run normal businesses or anon/secret businesses and still be rich and happy, but idk I want to solve "paranoia of jacked" too so idfk wtf to do about that. Perhaps just a shitty blog :-D that I update however often I want? But what about fuck writing (speaking is faster)? What about speaking in your sleep? What about speaking every fucking thought? I'd have to compromise in a lot of areas that I'm just not sure I want to. All I want is to be able to code, speak without fear of being jacked, and love. Notice how porn doesn't even factor in? Porn would just be an occassional thing and I could do without it!!! OT but... just sayin :-P. Or maybe she joins? Maybe everybody joins and it's the new model of a human? IDFK. Nor do I care. I am making it for me and I don't give a fuck if anyone else likes it or not! Gah this is a really complicated issue and is holding me up sorta. I really wish I knew what was going on in her mind :-P. But wait a tick, even if she isn't interested aren't I still taking the child friendly route just so she doesn't shun me (whether it's a protective measure for her daughter.. or just for herself.. is irrelevant) for making porn? I thought I decided that but gah I can't keep track of anything lately. My mind is overflowing in directions. Stack overflow, too many "Directions" in that array of directions! ;-P.





Infinity approaching infinity
I have infinite multiverses, so does Kaylee. Since infinity is soooooo vast, it becomes RIDICUOUSLY (infinitely approaching zero chance) improbable that the exact me and the exact Kaylee (in this universe) are in the same universe often. In tons of variations of my being the same multiverses, she is slightly different. In tons of variations of her being the same multiverses, I am slightly different. So infinity works ('fights'?) against itself and makes it less likely than more! HOWEVER, anything that happens at least one times also happens infinite times... so that 'less' is the same fucking thing as 'more' at the end of the day. You need a finite set for 'less' and 'more' to even make sense! I'm just trying to pinpoint whether she is a rare copy of herself or if she's there every time? Meh I'm just confused and don't know how much further I can think about it. I'm ALMOST willing to say: this universe where this exact me happens won't repeat itself because it's too unlikely (which is because of infinity)... and then some cheesy bit about her being all special and unique and singular yada yada... but I won't.













I like Kaylee as a metaphor because "intelligent man loves women" can be applied to pretty much every human. A lot of the problems I'm talking about are not specific to Kaylee. I like Kaylee as an actual person because HOLY FUCKING SHIT she is one! Or something. Meh this came out worse than it sounded in my head. She is both metaphor and actual. Fuck yea reality.





re: Heidi. I think Heidi is beautiful, but I'm not willing to say I like her or love her. I don't know her. I met her once when I was a kid and that was it. Kaylee on the other hand I've seen thousands of times and have interacted with and have watched interact (creepy much?) so I can at least get a gist of her personality etc (and I like it!). So this pretty much overrides those docs from a few months back where I was calling myself stupid and saying I like Heidi too. I don't [know], but I might be able to?