had some fucking crazy ass dreams
at one point i had decided i was going to be the trial of the free man on the land
documenting everything (especially the arrest) would probably give it worldwide coverage, etc
i'd also need to rely on my fellow free men to... err.. pressure/rescue me...

i think under ANY circumstances an arrest is probable. there is no avoiding this.

best i can hope for (fuck hoping, i will go to huge lengths to ensure this) is that my data is not stripped from me and... 'confiscated'...

re: bdsm (thought stewing): i can handle it, i would enjoy it. i could EASILY put my life in someone else's hands... but my data: FUCK NO. that's my main concern with bdsm. that i'll be tied up/tortured and forced to disclose my password. i guess... i guess i care about my data more than my own life. (hmm, does this mean i value society over individual? idfk)


back on topic: the vast majority of canada is 'commnon law', which is the only place where free man on the land has a sliver of a chance of holding up

USA is too corrupt and too idgaf for it to work. i wouldn't even attempt it.

crypto export laws practically demand i move to canada anyways...

is it a contradiction to GET PERMISSION to enter and live in canada and then to declare myself a free man on the land? is it infeasible because i was not born in canada?



since i'm willing to make sacrifices (not saying what, but i know what i'm currently thinking (here's ANOTHER sacrifice, but not the one i was original thinking: i am definitely shredding my cp)) with data, i should also make sacrifices for drugs. it is a slippery slope. a giant black... board... where behind such i FEEEL and use my hands to... milk the toad venom.... or extract regular old DMT. or i can just be winky and devise some elaborate scheme to have friends 'drop' it off (without allowing the viewer to connect who dropped what or something or some such idfk). drops invite poison. i hope to be self sustainable. weed + 5meo + regular-dmt, i think i would be ok with just those. all 3 are easy to 'grow'. i also want to TRY pcp at the very least. i guess specialty substances should just be INSTA-CONSUMED and therefore i cannot be charged with possession? idfk.


during my dreams i committed myself to the thought of the 'free man on the land'. i would be supported by fellow free men... but would they have enough weight to be able to get me out of jail/prison/etc?


another thing i thought of: i want to be relatively distant from society but i also want to have a data link. long term this is not a problem as money won't be an issue, but for the initial launch it is a huge issue. i think i can/should contact ISPs (speakeasy etc) and ask them where a rural place with a high data link is. satellite solves this problem but considering i want to have actual servers in my home, this is not viable.

i also will probably need to rent at first unless i get a shitty cheap mobile home or something. this means that i probably need to rent from a fellow free man or else a corruptable individual can/would strip my home from me because of simple disagreements. this is a bullshit concept. fuck life.



i woke up wanting to just do black board hands behind method in WASHINGTON (or colorado), but then i remembered the bit about crypto export laws and meh idfk anymore.


i feel that what i write before (now), during, etc, is incredibly dangerous

in my dream i thought of a solution to it: RAMBLE AND MAKE SO MUCH _ABSURD_ THREATS/CLAIMS THAT YOU ARE SIMPLY DISREGARDED. IF NOBODY TAKES YOU SERIOUSLY, THEY WILL LEAVE YOU ALONE.


i'm talking about threatening every prime minister and president and country (nukes) simultaneously. you can even divulge your reasoning for doing so (you don't want to be taken seriously).

there are so many contradictions in this corrupt society it makes me sick.
a) you have the right to free speech
b) a threat towards the president will land you in prison

horse shit. words are words.


however, i am not willing to test it
it wouldn't even be a test because i know the results: prison

however if i can't say ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING then i do not have freedom of speech



free man on the land is basically saying: the only law i follow is 'harm none'.

the rest of the laws are irrelevant... or something.



i don't know if it holds up in court
but i have already contradicted myself by saying that

it's about being a man
not a.... citizen of a government

or something


I AM A MAN OF EARTH



i initially thought free man on the land was a canada thing. canada legislature allowed it or something


but then yesterday i googled: canada "free man on the land"
and did some reading
i followed it up with: canada "free man on the land" weed
to throw them off :-P

i do feel like my searching is relatively dangerous.
that it's dangerous is bullshit.

i should not be afraid of my own thoughts.

in my sleep i went through the following logic:
1) i am afraid of my own thoughts, therefore i am suicidal
2) since i am suicidal, I SHOULD JUST GO FOR IT BECAUSE DEATH COMES EITHER WAY
3) i should also defend myself, because death can come from that, just as it can come from assassination, or from suicide


for that logical flow (lol house), i am going for it. nothing to lose. i die either way. yes i wanted to blow my brains out just a few hours ago (had some CRAAAAZY motherfucking dreams flip flopping and foreshadowing my future), but that logical flow dictates that i should not. nothing to lose will make me more fearless (and therefore live more blissfully) anyways. i need to hold onto that feeling. i tend to forget it and become afraid of death~


there is an implicit fear required in order for defending yourself to be.... defending yourself...

so i don't know.


i don't know what the fuck i am saying anymore.



DON'T FEAR DEATH.... UNTIL DEATH COMES KNOCKING?



weird and stupid
but also right and right.



i do feel as though these thoughts are somewhat groundbreaking, but i could be wrong (i don't read books so i am probably very stupid :-P). a lot of free man on the land subject matter (actually, tbh, there is very little of it) is about tax evasion and whatnot. i would gladly pay taxes in order to be left alone.... BUT IT IS A CONTRADICTION AND A SLIPPERY SLOPE. you are consenting to the will of another. you are consenting to be GOVERNED by paying the taxes. the you are a part of their society and their laws now apply. Fuck.

i think with film/documenting the process, it JUST MIGHT WORK. i don't know. it will be a long slow legal battle, and i'll be rotting in prison in the meantime. i guess i can use those years to get my doctorate/chemistry-awesomeness. in my isolation chamber. in complete fucking silence.



it could be a matter of years.

... i could also never get out.



if i never get out, then i played my hand poorly. life = wasted
fuck.


free men worldwide need to... DO WHAT?

they cannnot fight a legal system they refuse to acknowledge exists.


physically... they could charge in with guns and whatnot and free me
i could become a war leader of sorts
war is perhaps too strong a word. a freedom fighter. idfk.

i wouldn't even have to pick up a gun or shoot or anything

BUT IN BEING THEIR LEADER, i would be targetted by a bunker buster (probably from US&A fuck you niggers) and then game over.


that also leads to a... community.... of free men. surrounding me, protecting me. i work better alone. in isolation (until i get ronery and want to cuddle with kaylee :-P).



there is no perfect solution. but i do think attempting to be a free man (and accepting what follows) *might* be my best bet. it might work. they might just leave me alone. that is the ideal situation. that's all i desire. all i REQUIRE. all i demand... but a demand without a consequence is meaningless words.



it's not like i want to be a drug distributor. i only want them for person use. therefore: no harm has been done. with distributor/sellor then one could easily argue i am harming others. fuck that, my product is SOFTWARE. MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA. also music but yea...


i think canada will be more expensive. i don't even know the requirements for a US citizen living there. i guess i could google them now that i've already expressed interest in becoming a free man in canada (with the diversion reason being weeeeeed, except that makes no sense seeing as washington/colorado have just COMPLETELY LEGALIZED IT FUUUCK YEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAEEEAAAAA BEST NEWS EVER)


i think 20k instead of 10k. i could be wrong. and is this for renting or??????


meh.


do i have to denounce my citizenship?

i find it silly that you're supposed to fill out forms to do that


isn't announcing it on an internet show good enough?


but will i regret it? will i be able to visit my family in USA?
more importantly, will i be able to visit them without being arrested??


leaving caydon makes me sad, but i can/will set up direct video communication with him so we can always stay in contact. that and he can always come visit. i guess the same applies to all of my family... i just feel guiltier about leaving caydon. but i shouldn't. i mean i should.... and i do... but i won't let that stop me. life > guilt. he will understand when he is older. he will approve when he is older. he wil probably cry in the current ;-(.


the outskirts of a large'ish city (where i can get isolation + data link) is my best bet.



i hate this typing
typity typity type

i want to SPEAK
i'll type when my voice is sore
or when i am writing code of course~


but eh i guess speaking could be for code too


text is more indexable
transcription exists, and is pretty cheap. hell the open nature of everything i am doing means it can probably even be crowd-sourced/free

richard stallman is a god.




i hate this. my entire life. the entire contents of my brain... exist solely on a hard drive. a car drives by and i hear my walls shake. you will never understand the paranoia that grows from that (unless you are in a similar situation, which is unlikely but definitely possible).




drugs have amplified my passion for computers -- i envisioned myself saying to nick as i tried to get him to 'invest'


i don't think money will be a problem. start with CCs, then go to.... family? then to friends? 20k is nothing. 10k is nothing. paying them back is even more of 'nothing'.


and LOL CCs don't even need to be paid back WATCHA GONNA DO CALL ME TO DEATH? FUCK YOU.
family and friends however i do respect and would feel inclined to pay back


both of my grandparents, if i get to this stage before they die, have plenty of money to either give me or loan me. tick tock.

i hate the idea of begging but eh as soon as someone starts condescending then i'll just move onto the next.


i feel as though this magic prototype is the.... extent.... the maximum allowable 'tangent'. and the rest is downhill/close-parenthesis. it is all within scope. of course i'll probably run into more tangents and prototypes (Wt 'getAndRegisterForUpdates', for example), but at that point i'll have such a clear view of completion that it won't matter. i'll power through it. i am at the tip of mount everest. client magic prototype is already started. i am at the top of the world. so many decisions to be made, but this ABC/launch project is becoming a reality. fuck yea.