Reaction is the enemy of free will. That's not to say it's evil. We are, by default, reactions. Chemical while sub-human, chaotically to each other (and their chemical/chaotically+each-other reactions as well) socially. Since we are born as nothing more than a chemical reaction, it makes perfect sense that we are "stuck" reacting well into the age of intelligence. We question everything, but change nothing (exagerating, and it certainly doesn't apply to EVERY human (;-)), just most).

The only way to utilize free will is to take a snapshot of intelligence from the bleeding edge of society (err guess it doesn't NEED to be bleeding edge, but you won't get anywhere close if you life alone your entire life if you get my drift) and to go be alone and to think and meditate and to become self aware and conscious (moreso... because there are certainly plateaus (and even a 3 year old is "self aware" to an extent)). Psychedellic drugs help, but probably aren't necessary. Being alone is key. If you are with someone, you react to what you "think" they would want you to "think". Even if you sit in silence together, their presence modifies you. That being said it felt great to trip balls with Hannah after all those times tripping alone (the alone times were fun and insightful... but you get the ultra heavy "alone" feeling (which is truth in some way or another (we are alone but we have ourselves (each other (derivatives of ourselves))))). It felt like a confirmation of sorts because I knew that everything I had just thought during the trip could have been thought by her too (OT: my code compiler also gives me a similar confirmation). To be alone and to know that you are alive and to ask yourself what you want to do with your time remaining. Most people never stop/slow-down from their daily (purely reactionary) lives to ask themselves it. Maybe they simply can't because if they stopped working for that long, they would starve to death/etc. I am fortunate to have parents that support me (but guh, I'm ready to cut this fucking embelical cord).

It is the conscience in a void. An (had:In) asterisk in infinite dark backdrop. Weirdly I don't think I came up with the "conscience in a void" phrase while tripping balls. I think I was here in this chair. Whatever not sure if relevant.

There is nothing to do, so do something arbitrary and fun. If you set your arbitrary goal too high/large (like yours truly), you run the risk of never achieving it.

^You have to discover that for yourself to truly understand it. You can read the words and comprehend them, but to think it while you ARE the "conscience in a void" (and you should be alone!) is different/liberating. Liberating because it's like "oh, I don't have to keep trying to solve the mysteries of life?" (protip: accept confusion).