I can't wait to see my book printed and sitting on my desk. I bet it's pretty fucking fat already. Man I need to work on my backups and consolidating and migrating to git (after all of which: MORE REPLICATIONS TOO). Man I need to get an answer from Kaylee about vulgarity. I am pretty damn confident that my not being vulgar will increase my chances. I mainly only care about the severence case, not the chances of getting with her argument. "Can she tolerate it?" rather than "do I have a better chances of being with her if I am less vulgar?".

The issue is that I can't speak. So do I speak more to express that I can't speak (should I press more, I feel like sending her a text asking her if she wants to give me feedback on my project (still working on the wording in my head)), or do I rush into launch and then let that speak for itself. It is a delay in time, which means it is possibly a waste of time! Persistent vs. Annoying. The argument I am focusing on most right now is that my speaking to her (asking her about my project (porn factors in i guess in the long term)) is a dependency to my launching. I can't launch until I know how to be! I want to maintain non-severance! So for that reason I feel I should push her a bit more :-/. I just hate thinking what if she snaps or something. What would I be afraid of in that scenario? I have no idea. I'm also heavily debating if I want to refer to my project directly like that on the phones/email... but I guess at this point it doesn't really matter. I'm most likely already being watched if I was ever to be watched to begin with.

It's just that.... her opinions are going to shape, from a high level, the entire rest of my life. I don't know if that's right to do but I know life is arbitrary and that it isn't WRONG to do (or it might keep me from attaining bliss or w/e idfk). Being able to speak to her is important to me.


Actually you know what, fuck it. I have confidence enough that she'd un-shun me for pretty much every shunnable offense except rape and murder and other obvious "harms". Because time is indefinite, I shouldn't worry too much about my appearance, even to her. She will change and maybe it will take 5000 years before she loves me. Who knows. Offending her in the short term doesn't have much consequence if the offenses are forgiven (and seen as irrelevant because of a change in perspective or something idfk). I'm not really worried so much about offending her as I am about her thinking I'm not suitable to be around her child. Does everything really rest firmly on Tobes' head? Well I mean if you think about it, she's pretty tolerant of a person so I think I could get a sex change and make porn and she'd still talk to me. She just wouldn't bring her child around me and because of that I'd see her significantly less. The question is supposed to be "would she be around me less if she didn't have a child?" but now I'm putting too much right on Tobes' head and is pointless to think about because TOBES IS HERE. I actually kind of think the answer would still be no tbh. Wait no she did say she'd be around me if I was rich. LMFAO. Lame, but I'll take it! Hopefully I haven't scared her away from that being able to happen, as it was quite a few months ago. That tells me nothing about porn but it does say that she be around me [if I was rich -_-].

Porn and Rich = ?

Can't I just be happy enough with rich? Gah I hate random rules and arbitrary limits! "DO NO HARM" and nothing else! Common courtesy is easy! Even if you are both ass naked and possibly even having sex! Imagine having sex with a hot store clerk just because it's a way of saying hi to a friend that happens to work there. Sort of like shaking your hand. I think it can be much more casual than it is today. It doesn't need to be solely about reproduction.