I'm propelled entirely by suicidal thoughts. Hacky bootstrap logic must-be/is used to invert those thoughts towards an appreciation of life (especially since all my instances where I go through with the suicide aren't here anymore). Once I pop my head up with appreciation, a fear of losing it all takes hold. This fear doesn't exist beforehand: suicidal = nothing to lose. All the momentum I have from before comes to a grinding halt and my face is thrown into the windshield.

I hate code. Maybe it's just because my bitcoin dispersement design is fucked, but I feel like ima snap and throw my fucking computer and smash it. Grab a few bottles of water and some bread and bullshit and just wander in the desert for a few days. Who gives a shit if I die, I hate this era of life, so many miserable fucks around me and I'm one of them (almost free). So much stupid and greed controlling the world, I want to be a serial killer and just gorge on stupid. I want to be sloppy and careless, killing on a  whim. Even the slightest hint of stupid/corruption and I'll eat you alive. Start with your feet and give you plenty of painkillers and stop the bleeding all the way up to your.... (??? heart?). Cut away the cancer, some valuable tissue is likely to go with it.
I can fantacize all I want, but ultimately I'd have to hide if I did all that. You're lucky stupid fucks: I don't want to hide. If(public) good; There's no other option. I'm tired, physically too. Drained this night more than usual. Not the coffee kind of tired: muscles. Wtf? I'll stop whining because I've done plenty of it, I just hit a rut in Abc2 and now want to kill myself/everyone again. Nothing out of the norm. Jah jah self control and all that, these are just thoughts. I'm pissed but calm. Go back to coding fucker: tbh I'm just confused of my own [faulty] design. Start over or hack/fix it? Unsure tbh, staring at it and LEANING BACK IN MY CHAIR WITH MY EYES CLOSED both aren't working. Am I overcomplicating it, or is it just that complex?

When you abstract yourself and see yourself in the grand scheme of things (or even just in the 3rd person), it's easy to solve your problems (or at least, to think they're stupid/easy).

I'm still here. Still building a fucking advertising system just so I can point a fucking video camera at my dick. I hate myself.