Re: "The fear of expressing yourself is the worst fear of all".

I am not generally afraid of expressing myself. On the contrary, I am excited as fuck to finally be able to be myself for the first time in this entire `clock cycle of life` (had:existence (instead of what is in the ``, not just replacing 'life' but i guess that works too)). It's the way my environment just so happens to be set up around me, and my intelligence itself (awareness of my environment, or at the very least knowledge of how it very easily COULD be (in security, when we see a vuln, we plug it, regardless of ever seeing an exploit for it)) which gives me the ability to see/detect said environment, that creates my expression deprivation / "fear of expressing myself". 

To re-state, since it is extremely relevant to this doc:
 0) Spoken (not recorded) language is not copyrighted
 1) NSA can (therefore "does" if you are a worst case scenario kind of person (and in security, who isn't?)) legally wiretap every cell phone, computer, house, car, store, etc.
 2) Facade government "by the people, for the people". Is really "by the corporations, for the corporations" because government is vulnerable to corruption because every human (politician) is corruptable, whether by greed ("the easy way") or fear ("the hard way" (it gets harder and the fear even becomes justified when they start murdering your family))
 3) Hollywood is a category in those corporations, so even though proof will likely NEVER be found (covering your tracks is easy: i could get away with it), the vulnerability DEFINITELY EXISTS (regardless of proof of exploitation) that Hollywood can be given copies of all of of the NSA's wiretapping activities
 4) Hollywood is full of greedy noobs who can't write good stories (see: almost every movie made in the past few years), so they will exhaust every available avenue to find content. Ethics and morals are a joke to most of these types (admittedly, they used to be to me too)
 5) Your own words are taken, slightly modified (or not), and released in some copyrighted material. Now you are not allowed to re-use your own words. GG INSANITY.

^Also same applies to patents ofc