1) Electricity. Privacy. Choose One.
2) Parents Home, Parents Away
3) Crypto Export vs. Programmer Freedom of Speech
4) Embrace Plagairism

1) Well the context reminder is essentially the subject in a nutshell itself, and this is now just additional information. That line alone is under consideration as book title and is actually almost guaranteed already a slot as html title :). Some more elaboration: since we are electric beings (our central nervous system is electric!), privacy is, in just about every life form (all that are electric, and I cannot imagine one that isn't (but also cannot rule it out)), a temporary commodity. It is only ever available to us until some time after electricity is discovered (electricity triggers radio which triggers codes (over radio, at least) with trigger codebreaking which trigger computers which trigger the internet -- and once we have internet there is no such thing as privacy and pretending that that statement is false is just delusional thinking. I value privacy which is why I will no longer use it, or attempt to use it. It buys you paranoia and a false peace of mind. I would gladly trade in my privacy for electricity (I am teh c0dar woo) if there ever was such an absurd barter.


2) I have pinpointed my bootstrap problem with living at home. I am coding a C compiler in assembly and I fucking hate assembly. Ok the actual thing with my parents is this: When they're here, I feel I can't "get in the zone" because they're distracting etc. When they're gone, I just want to enjoy the peace and quiet by doing jack shit and relaxing without a mad-man in the house. I have a similar problem with jobs that I've documented long ago. Can't code on the side while having a 40 hour week job because when I get home I want to do NOTHING to relax. I am a whiny bitch and I know it. I should tough it out because my life sucks now and has potential to be awesome. Even though I hate assembler, what I am working towards will make programming FUN! It really is sill and I know it is and it seems even sillier when I write it down... but meh if only I lived alone... then I could get in the zone and stay in the zone for weeks on end after the first 3 days of "doing nothing". Doing nothing for the first few days will bore me to death and then I'll get in the zone, go to sleep in the zone, wake up in the zone, etc. I've done it before during the 3-4 months I lived on my own and it was amazing (even though I did have to work too :-/).


3) This is actually a subject that kind of scares me and well quite frankly I don't know what to do about it. I have thought about adding some protective measures to keep non U.S. Citizens out (even though I am against the thought of that... it sure beats _TREASON_). I've thought about just going for it and fighting it and hoping that the Supreme Court (surely such a matter would escelate there) would see things my way. I mean seriously why wouldn't they? I know I'm in the right but it's still scary that it's such a crazy offense to "export cryptography" without getting permission or some such. My argument is essentially that I have the right to verbatim output my mind on the internet. That I am a computer programmer with cryptography knowledge is........... I don't fucking know...... NOT MY FAULT!?!?. I don't even know a formalized argument here and I really think I should speak to a lawyer. Fucking scary. I have freedom of speech protecting me WITHIN the US at least... but what sort of measures am I expected to make to keep my verbatim output data from reaching the hands of foreigners? There's the whole "they could easily use a proxy" argument anyways and really I think the United States is fucking stupid when it comes to this subject. The thought of renunciation of course again crosses my mind (lots of crypto coders are doing it it seems), but really there isn't anywhere else that's better than the US so hopefully we can fix the stupid outdated law and a "Computer Programmer with Knowledge of Cryptography" can publicize his fucking brain in peace without committing TREASON and getting the motherfucking death sentence.

What's weird about it is that I admit that I might come up with something cryptographically advanced (and harmful to US and useful to "them") and broadcast it IN REALTIME without understanding the consequences until later. It would be impossible for me to understand consequences of an idea I came up with before I came up with it, and I utterly refuse to speak privately because privacy does not exist and I have the right to be free from paranoia.

We are entering a scary part of existence and hot damn I have absolutely no faith in anyone or myself and the only thing that makes me know we'll make it through it is infinite multiverse theory.

That being said I really only want to work on "custom cryptography software" (which is still export restricted) and not low level actual mathematical cryptographic routines. I'll save those for the bored mathematicians (actually they aren't bored -- but they looks bored from my perspective :-P).


4) Plagiarism, when done correctly, will be embraced on my system. Since we cannot infringe copyright and since plagairism is only "frowned upon" and not illegal, I will (DO!) encourage plagairism to be submitted. You don't even have to link to the original source or give credit to the original author. FUCK THEM for releasing under non-derivable/non-shareable copyright [and contributing to insanity]. Perhaps a "this was plagairized from some other work lol" tag (the 'lol' there is an absolute must ;-)). I love it to be honest. It will take a skilled-in-literature person to carefully plagairize without infringing copyright... but I know it can be done!

We have a lot of work ahead of us. We have to duplicate all human knowledge but in a way that can be shared and derived from! We have to create our own information... bubble. FUCK THEM. Block them out of your head. It is what I will do. I have the right to do it or else I will blow my fucking head off (because if I don't have the right to do it, I will go insane (because I already _AM_ insane (I was born in a system that makes it's occupants insane) and my only grasp at sanity is to pursue and create such a goal/society/information-bubble/system)). Clean-room plagairism and clean-room parody will help us close the gap in an order of magnitude less time than it took for the information to be discovered to begin with. FUCK COPYRIGHT AND FUCK PATENTS. Copyleft is the tool to fight against copyright. Defensive Publication is the tool against patents. We should (I will) simultaneously try to get bills passed in my government to fix the copyright/patent system..... BUT HONESTLY I HAVE NO FAITH IN YOU CORRUPT ASS BRIBE(LOBBYING)-TAKING MOTHER FUCKERS. FFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKK YYYYYYOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUU.

It makes me laugh hysterically to think that I will (we will?) be frowned upon in the professional community. We shall frame your frowns on our walls!


The worst kind of evil is the kind that's shared by the majority of a population. It's sliced up into such tiny pieces that no individual can be held responsible for being evil. Because surely everybody can't be evil! A lot of them I don't blame. Stupidity and tradition is the problem. It appears to work and the side effects are long term and won't be seen for some time.... THEREFORE IT WORKS! (/sarcasm). Man I sound like such a hippy lately. The truth is that even though I do care about the environment, I care much more about my own individual freedom (and even the freedom of others) than that. Robot serving government (I realized my old "name" for it had a huge flaw. The "mathematical" one) can give us both freedom and help slow down our devouring of our own planet. Convincing a [corrupt] government, [corrupt] mega corporations, and [brainwashed (by the media corporations)] citizens to change is next to impossible. Yes I will try, but I'm not going to wait for success... I'm going to ride a hacky as fuck bootstrap into FREEDOM FOR MYSELF land. Advertisement driven self documenting copylefting all output. Ahhh, freedom. The sound of it makes me giddy. Never been closer but then that statement is also true the second I am born.


The military, the government, and most employers... are all formed as "submission pyramids". FREEEEEEDOM!?!?!?!? Hah, what a joke. Only the man at the very top of a company (not elected by a chair) has true freedom in the sense of freedom granted by the United States of America. That's far less than 1% by my estimate (in reference to those stupid protests)... because even those top chairmen of giant companies are a part of that 1% despite not being completely free (they are held accountable to the other 11 (or x)).


I know I wrote this before but I don't think my writing did it justice as I was playing hedgewars and only writing in between turns. It is related to the "good by default" thing. I will be good because it is the only thing left and I want to expell all of my energy into SOMETHING. It doesn't matter much what to me (I used to want to be neutral). The sheer act of expelling energy is what satisfies me. I understand that everything is pointless so I have learned to appreciate the act of expelling energy itself. I want to be on FULL FUCKING BLAST. Bad and neutral just don't allow that for me, so I rule them out. I love coding. I love life. I love logic. I love love. I love that love is so confusing. I love TRYING to think about it and failing miserably. If I am an absent minded professor (just watched that movie the other night haha (wasn't as good as I was expecting tho)), my mind is focused on LIFE ITSELF. I am more in tune with life than with my peers... even though yes they are a part of it. I am in tune with all of the environment and I do think I understand my peers to some extent. I fail miserably at small talk but really I see that as a different problem and not even one I care to solve. Small talk is simply a waste of time. If that makes me "socially retarded" then so be it. I think programming was just dumb luck for me. That I learned it first, I mean. It just "happened to be there". Now that I am older I realize that I am a machine and I am programmed (I am my programming). Knowing computer/silicon programming is helping me drastically in understanding LIFE (human-body/fleshy-brain programming).