GUH, WHO GIVES A FUCK

the most important factors:
1) escape paranoia
2) fingers asep. i am anticipating this soooooo fucking much
3) publically create d3fault/dht



shame and contradictions and everything else.... are less important



fingers is much more tangible than d3fault
d3fault is going to be a difficult project
fingers is set in stone. i know it's going to work and am really ridiculously excited about it
also excited to have it rigged with 'mobile computing' shit so i can fucking walk around and shit. living in silence in this dark room in this chair barely moving (JUST my fingers) is a bore


...but i also fantacize about being in isolation chambers where i do exactly that (while tripping balls and listening to music (and perhaps making it))

still, that would be... in between... being mobile and active and moving around and shit




fingers is also going to be like a trial of sorts of my publically documenting/creating SOMETHING. i will learn from it
i just hope i don't invest too much time creating creating documentation tools (all of which will be created/documented in the stream)

why i need a stream: bootstrap mechanism to capture creation of creation/documenting/capturing tools
or something
my fucking brain hurts

WHEN IN DOUBT, AIM A FUCKING VIDEO CAMERA STREAM AT WHATEVER YOU'RE DOING ;-p


i'm not feeling it today
i'm not feeling the desire to launch

i want to....
have money

but i don't want to launch
i feel neutral about drugs atm
i mean if they were here i'd smoke em
but i am not fiending either


weird day
probably because of all these contradictions
and the closer i get to actually launching
the more i realize i'm going to look completely fucking retarded

so is it shame eating away at me?
or... the anticipation of shame (since this is not yet public)?


idfk
question everything
vs.
waste all your time alive questioning everything :-P


i like that i can identify things like that so easily and frequently
it gives me hope that i will actually do something worthwhile
except there isn't really anything worthwhile to do
"the greatest accomplishment of man is: "yo i had some pretty deep thoughts bro" '
don't need to launch for that
but deeper thoughts SHOULD FOLLOW after paranoia is escaped?
same with shame?
fuck. keep your goals in perspective
d3fault needs to be usable before you are dead
if you don't get to use it then it is a waste of time. it's a waste of a project
sure future generations might get to use it, but fuck them. live for yourself because the universe ceases to exist when you die
of course there is freezing to factor in: if i start it and freeze myself without finishing it, i might wake up and see that it grew into exactly what i wanted and can then use it :-D
hypothetical/theoretical



when there is doubt, remove the cause of doubt
"it is better to know you are being spied on (broadcast/launch/etc) than to wonder if you are being spied on (reality 2012)"
there are lots of similar examples
you need to systematically analyze situations like that and fucking smash them
same SORT OF applies to 'wasting all your time questioning everything'
just fucking GO
GO FORWARD
it does not matter
life does not matter
there is no meaning to this nonsense
give yourself bliss by any means possible
if it makes you happer to compromise yourself in order to be with kaylee, do it
etc so on and so forth but applicable to anything and everything



the best way i can describe how i feel right now: hacked
i just feel compromised
like everything i type is being fed into hollywood directors/writers/producers and i am being ripped off
it increases my desire to launch, i guess...
but also increases my desire to shoot myself in the fucking head (faster results <3)
i hate this bullshit world
i feel like shit