fucking shitty day
nothing to do with the election
and hell, WEED IS LEGAL IN WASHINGTON/COLORADO OMGWTFUX

but idk
just feel so fucking stressed
headache
slept for 14+ hours
had weird as fuck dreams about being in a war etc
don't even feel like writing about them

i dunno
I really want to kill myself.
still can't.

my goals in life are summarized as follows: i want to get high and i want to get higher

i want to get high = self sustain / retirement
i want to get higher = launch / d3fault


they do not involve drugs but they also do

at retirement, i can smoke weed and occassionally trip balls etc
at launch, i can blast off into realms of consciousness that i can't even predict

i want to live 2000 years in my dmt trip as a farmer or something trivial
i want to know i am tripping (so i know it's a waste (hmmm, can't see how it's any more or less wasteful than life itself (what is real?)))

i want to raise a family and to gain wisdom from my time in that trip

[yay this shit is a good distraction from my depressing mood *keeps writing*]

i want to be able to take the knowledge back with me to.. uhh... THIS... reality

i want to enter into the trip asking a question (wat do with self etc) and ten minutes later i stand up and have the answer.



our brains are powerful. 2000 years PERCEIVED is 2000 years ACTUAL.



why 2000? is it because i read about someone who had that same trip on erowid?
maybe because we're so close to the year 2000?
idfk


still, if i can get 'stuck' in my trip (the erowid writer described it as a bad thing (maybe it is, i won't know until))
then i get twice (or more) as much life
for that reason alone, i want to do it.


even multiple times perhaps
would be sick

just a shame i can't output during those 10


we need brain recorders


we have them, but they are teh suck.



freeze me
drug me
persist me

i am dynamic and want to be static
a constant peak (which is a contradiction)
fuck this life
i feel so sick




i don't feel lonely
as i did when living by myself
i got a lot accomplished
but never felt more alone

my parents are here
but driving me insane
and the way my dogs enters and exits my room by the minute (she can push open the door)
drives me BATSHIT INSANE

like a repeat of every 5 minutes every 5 minutes
they're always blasting some bullshit on TV
close enough that i can hear it
even with my door closed

i can't even listen to last.fm anymore
feels like brainwash
probably is.

i'm pretty certain i'm being spied on
i can't get myself to STFU

easier said than done
especially since I DON'T WANT TO

guh.

AAAAAAa
BBBBBBBBBBBB
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCc


WWWWWWWWRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYY


i'm relatively certain i'm being ripped off
i put it in another way: why WOULDN'T i be being ripped off?
exactly.
you loud dumbass.

but i did just think of another thing a few minutes ago
i am the result of entropy
you can rip off what i say
but in order to rip me  off completely
you have to BE me

hahahahaha FUCK YOU.


i still wish i'd stfu
i want to close down my facefuck

but boredom consumes me

this offline/devbox doesn't give me amusement
i have to give IT amusement

it's way more productive
so i should FORCE myself to use it only
but it's easier said than done
i check facebook and read qt shit

fuck.


what is ahead of me i am afraid of
but right now is much worse
i want to blow my fucking brains out
i stared at my shotgun on my lap for a few minutes earlier
just fantacizing at the thought
it doesn't work
the fantacizing went nowhere
as usual


i am relatively confident that my offline/devbox remains unhacked
fingers would have been ripped off by now
but maybe they think it's too 'blatant' to do
like they know that i'd know
idfk
i just need to launch
my docs could be disappearing from this machine and i'd be none the wiser
paranoia is eating me alive
feelsbadman
must
persist
must
survive
there aren't any other options

ABC or shotgun shell


i almost burnt my house down the other night 'soldering while drunk'
i wrote that fb post because i burnt my finger

BUT I FELL ASLEEP (PASSED OUT) WITH THE IRON PLUGGED IN AND WOKE UP AND IT WAS ON THE FLOOR
felt so sick after that
both alcoholically and mentally

i took a pic of how it landed. the fan saved the house. WOW.



i also think it's a supporting random argument of infinite universe theory
in the other ones, i never woke up (smoke suffocated me)
i mean REALLY, WHAT THE FUCK ARE THE CHANCES?????





speaking of which, a lingering thought:
infinite universe theory can be abused to justify recklessness
bootstrap theory can be abused to justify evil

be careful with both

...but then again, don't? (at least for the recklessness one)?

idfk.
i feel TOO lucky
in just about every way

it makes me scratch my head (i just scratched my head)


to elaborate for the readers:
infinity: if everything i do i both succeed and fail then i don't have to be worried about failing (and do i even have to try?). riding a bike down mount everest~
bootstrap: i am bootstrapping from the economy, despite disapproving of it. but there are other cases where it's less... necessary... and i could still randomly justify it by using the words "it's a bootstrap". can't think of any right now damnit.




fuck it ran out of things to type so i'm just closing my eyes now and seeing where the keyboard takes me yayayayayayaya got nothing to say i am just wasting time and space and oxygen and food and [....]??? what else is there?


ehhhhhhh i wish i could code i wish i could just stay in code mode i iwsh i didn't live with my parents because then i actually could. i also need to retire first because worrying about money is not something i want to do. man that's such a great thought and what i live for: after abc (simple shit): i can be worry free indefinitely. i hate that i'm a sex addict but money also solves that problem too. i enjoy code it is blissfull to me, even more-so than sex. throw in drugs and i am satisfied. perhaps not though.. maybe i'll quickly grow tired. that's what fingers is for: music creation is a great alternative. i wish i was there. wishing doesn't do shit. nut up and shut up and fucking code your little ass off. you're 23 you have a great advantage over most people. you have a great grip on reality and what you want to do. your parents aren't even there yet and they are twice your age. shit like that makes me want to cry. lexi makes me want to cry. her entire existence is pathetic. how do we know dogs aren't just slaves? they can't "speak up". they take the easy route "free food", but is that in their best interest? we are de-evolving dogs. does that mean they are miserable? does that mean it's a bad thing? do i spend too much time on this (yes)? it's because lexi is around me. i see her. out of sight, out of mind. i don't want a dog. i don't want the responsibility or the guilt. the world/universe is an animal instance generator. we are not running out of dogs (or humans) so the argument of feeling bad for deserted/abandoned dogs is irrational. close that faucet so we don't have an influx. i guess that price is right dude is ... right. that being said we need to solve world hunger/thirst.

COUNTER-ARGUMENT/devil's advocate:
perhaps if we solve it then idiots will put the faucet on full blast.
perhaps it is already solved and that's why 'they' choose to suppress it.


speaking of 'they':
i hope the illuminat exists because i like to think that if the president(s) of our "government(s)" start a nuclear war that there is someone above them that would execute them.

^random theory i almost posted on facebook


seriously i mean shit we aren't dead so fuck it. whatever is going on is..

...

i doubt the illuminati exists.

we're barely alive.
at least that's the perception that perhaps they want us to believe.
makes us easier to sway, ya know?

the truth: i have no fucking idea, but i KNOW it is possible (because i know i could do it :-P)




meh
does that mean i need to do it?
no.
but
should i?
i mean
if there is one
doesn't that mean that they'll eventually die and need to be replaced?
hopefully they have a replacement selection mechanism worked out and it tests the fuck out of candidates for corruption before allowing
i like to think it would.
i would.
therefore, they would.
i am (earlier iterations of me) the illuminati.
just like i am spying on myself
stealing from myself
and ripping myself off

bastards.

damnit
should i be punching myself in the face then?
i mean the literal me?
steven

well yes for being so leaky i suppose
but idk if i should because i am 'they' or whatever idfk idfk idfk
i can't even think that thought through all the way
get lost trying


i feel sick
i feel better
writing does that
i should
i want to
i will
but i don't.
write more!!!!!!!!!
fuck god damnit i am so lonely
kaylee was right.
denial etc fuck.
how could you NOT be lonely

"happiness only real if shared"
i don't know how i'm going to regulate input once launched.
but i do know it will require libre'ness in interaction

am i still alone if i have 100% output and 0% input?
weird, idfk tbh

i mean no because i know others are out there
but i also have no comfort in their input

i guess i should selectively give input to those i trust/respect/want-to-talk-to

kaylee
dicran
hannah
richard stallman
etc...


can add/remove at will
"friends list"
rofl.
it would be a strictly enforced friends list
not like this facebook/myspace bullshit

there is no "friends only" (as in, ALL FRIENDS) communication
it is either private or public

private is 1-1
anything else is public
because you can't know who leaked it...
and it can be leaked
therefore, "friends only" is a waste of fucking time

and private 1-1 is... mostly... a waste of time

but meh privacy should be an optinal feature of d3fault
i probably won't use it

just like anonymity
i encourage it and provide tools for it
but don't use it myself
because paranoia eats me up i suppose
idfk

various reasons
need to make a name
can be nameless when i'm dead
etc




it's amazing how i look down to my childhood heros that just a few years ago i looked up to
kevin rose comes to mind
hell even thiago macieira is proving himself a "professor lost in books" or whatever that shit's called...

i hope i am one too someday
maybe i already am
but i need to appear so to others first
right now i'm unknown/unnamed/nothing



i have so much to do
and so little time
is launching even realistic?
yes
idiot
so is retirement
ABC is so fucking basic
and you're almost there
rpc is getting closer/shinier day by day
but convincing yourself to do work on it is difficult
i mean... getting in the zone...
gah.
downhill mode!
then uphill mode :(
and i lose all my momentum instantly
what is the difference between instantly and instantaneously?
aside from extra letters...
fuck it

time to commit these docs and hopefully code :-/





oh and re:above, there is also private as in non-shared-with-anyone
that's the shit that makes me paranoid too...
guh
differntiating 1-1 private and non-shared-with-anyone-private is a weird task TODOreq