I'm starting to think I should LAUNCH + abc simultaneously

I just need a loan or whatever

like 10k or so

for a house + servers + bandwidth



i'm just worried that ABC might take all my time or distractions and take too long to profit

whereas LAUNCH would _REFER_ people to ABC + make money on it's own
and i really really really want to launch
PLUS
liability of censorship
i'd have an awesome aliby for not censoring ABC sites
i am the only person running it and i am broadcasting 24/7
i could even try to make the argument that i do not have to censor people
take time out of my finite life to support YOUR censorship
fuck you.


i'm just a bit worried of ABC being shutdown before i have the chance to launch


and that ABC alone is too bare and/or too empty to be profitable
could be wrong but idk if i am willing to risk it


idk, i'll sit on this and let my subconscious process it for a bit


i definitely do want to launch ASAP


fuck.
my.
life.



hackily launch
safely
but hackily

as in, be hack-proof

output only box to broadcast from
etc

3-internal/offline 'copies' before even broadcasting

but don't like code this from scratch

daisy chain existing tools for the time being!

TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE

you will die.


also if you launch abc + self simultaneously then abc + rpc gen should be LGPL'd simultaneously too~
whereas if i launch abc first then idfk what my game plan is.... GPL + sell resale licenses + 'support' ????

that resale license + 'support' nonsense could CONSUME THE REST OF MY FUCKING LIFE (apartment complex layouts)

idk if i can afford to become distracted

how much do you think you could get in credit card loans?

10k?

idfk, but perhaps...

10k is SHIT

10k is CHEAP

10k is NOTHING


i could probably get friends to loan me 10k (between nick + jeff alone)
i could probably get family to loan me 10k (especially just between all 4 grandparents that are still alive)


but credit cards should be my first attempt.... because i don't like to mix loans with people i want to continue talking to
it's easy to ignore a collection agency
but my grandparents + friends? :( teh suck

that's assuming it fails

it won't.

i know it won't

i am more sure it won't when i factor in my own launch into the mix
so now i'm leaning towards that
ABC would be a distraction
LGPL'ing it means i get free work
free patches
etc :)

clones too

BUT WORTH IT

i am a freedom of information advocate
not a fucking profiting whore (bill gates, i'm looking at you)


yes now i'm quite sure i will launch

cost of launch becomes 10k instead of 5k or so...


big fucking whoop.

renting a house until i become profitable enough to buy said house is cheap as fuck

an apartment won't do
shared walls won't do

preferrably with a basement
idk why

this is doable

dude i just moved up my own launch date by like a few months at the very least

but there's still a good amount to code until then
a good amount

reporters will knock on my door and i will ignore them.


GET TO WORK BITCH. code that helloer
fuck multi-server for now, just make sure it is future proof for that