The only cure to PTSD is disassembling your brain molecules and reassembling them later... including re-learning to be a human. Or perhaps a lobotomy.

I feel as though _THIS_ is the longest I have _EVER_ lived. _THIS_ life is the most "destined" or some bullshit. The reason I think that is because I cannot ever remember a previous life.

It makes me a little bit sad (though not THAT sad) to know that 99.999999999999999% of "my" (had:our) human emergences fear death their entire lives. Well ok a fear of death is alright, but I mean to the point of denying it will happen. Meh I don't know what I mean these sentences are coming out shit.

100% of the time we are alive, we fear death (for 99.99999999% of us). It is POINTLESS once you understand that you WILL die and you WILL be back. You just wont' remember it.

I feel a sense of depression lately. A sense of "meh, there is nothing to do because who ever said there needed to be something to do?". I am (life is) just squeezed out of existence and there's nothing more to it than that. I know I'm still in my early days (although perhaps not as much as I believe seeing as "exponential"), but "thinking forward" I feel this sense of boredom taking over. You have to entertain yourself with joyful small things. Get obsessed with the details (the computation of the simplification of one). Understand and enjoy that it is pointless! But won't that, doing random small "fulfilling" tasks/goals... eventually become boring (not fulfilling any longer)?

I know there's suicide and that makes what I deem "interesting" reset back to zero and all that..... but shit I'm smart enough to KNOW that it's an infinite cycle that cannot be escaped! "Life Jail" (admittedly better than jail jail).

I ponder that love is the missing link. That love keeps it dynamic and fresh enough to not grow boring. That the source of chaos (or just "a" source of chaos) is love itself. Chaos, randomness, keeps things "fresh" and constantly changing. Where, even if you find some new "path of existence/life/logic/whatever" that is "original" (first emergence... EVER) and proven to yourself that it can become boring (I am theorizing (and probably wrong :-P) that this is the first time I've ever been smart enough to see life as a jail), that the dynamic and REAL "thing" that is love will find a way to make it all meaningful again. Love is infinitely adapting. Including to that which cannot be adapted to (LOVE PROVES IT WRONG. IT UNDEFINES IT. SAYS 'FUCK YOU' AND RIPS IT'S FUCKING THROAT OUT).

I n
w
want or need
not sure which
I [yea] love.