I'm in a really weird state right now. Ever since writing those docs in burst a few days ago (6'ish?) I've just been sitting around thinking a bunch. I feel like I'm re-evaluating EVERYTHING. I feel as though I have solved a bunch of local-problems and am now back on the scale of "infinity" in terms of problem solving. On December 31st, I sat outside in a chair and puffed on a cuban cigar for like 2 hours doing nothing but thinking and soaking in the sun rays. I don't go outside much so going out and sitting in the sun is "variety" for me. I felt..... so incredibly bored. I felt bored by everything, good or bad. I thought about EVERYTHING I ever thought about doing, and it all sounded boring. I tried to think of something interesting, but simply couldn't. EVENTUALLY I thought "heroin" and "dmt" sounded fun, but only on the short-term... AND mostly because I haven't tried either of them [yet]. Sky diving and flying a fighter jet also sounded boring, despite me not doing those either. I can imagine what both are like, unlike the heroin/dmt (the question mark is intriguing). Still, I knew heroin/dmt wouldn't bring me lifelong fulfillment... only short term bliss.

I thought about EXTREME EVIL and tortue and rape and killing (all for fun), and it sounded boring.
I thought about EXTREME GOOD and solving world hunger (etc) and tripping balls day in and day out and writing software(*****) and bliss, and it sounded boring.


***** = I think this was the first time ever that writing software has sounded boring to me







I *think* it was the discovery of "unrestrained is relative to your goal" that has given me this huge change of.... mental status? I feel like.... I don't know how to explain it. Lazy? Bleh? I am unable to write software, but I think/hope that's just because my parents are home for Christmas break.


I have mainly just been sitting around doing nothing but thinking. Having cool thoughts (that dream I just wrote about/had was a result! (I wouldn't be writing this if I hadn't turned on my comp to write that dream)).


I've also been processing legal text, since that's easy and mindless. I'm trying to merge GPL v3 with LGPL v3. Damn you RMS for not unifying them!! I know it can be done, but it's not going to be as easy as modifying the MPL 2.0 would be (I want the Tiviozation/patent/dmca stuff in v3 kthxbai). I'm considering doing a draft and trying to combine them into DPL v1 :-D. Basically just LGPL but doesn't "fallback" to GPL.



RMS and I have the same ideas for software freedom, we just disagree and where the proprietary/free divide should be. He says "at the process level", I say "at the linking to library" level.

In the end it's really all the same. You can write a library to call the process and it has the same effect. GPL really only accomplishes "slowdown" in performance by making you use cross-process calls instead of just library calls. This performance loss might not even be noticeable... but it certainly affects PROGRAMMING STYLES. It is much hackier to marshal your arguments through a program's command line arguments than it is to formally call the exposed API from a library.


I'm digressing.


The point of this doc is just to attempt to explain this weird state I'm in. It's like a daze. I feel indefinite already. TIME IS RELATIVE AFTER ALL ;-)