When I think really hard about what I'm doing, I lol.

"Yay making turnkey advertising system to film myself on video while automating the advertising portion"

~_~
so fucking lame.

It makes me lol and it makes my butthole clinch out of shame. I am pathetic.





But then I think about where reality is in 2012. Fucking noobs.
We need a libre society to progress.
We need smarter humans.
I am willing to document myself creating cool and useful software. Communication software, but it definitely isn't limited to that (or anything).
Documenting myself accomplishes:
1) AMAZING 'know-what-the-developer-was-thinking' documentation (with respect to programming documentation)
2) Documentation (with respect to documentaries etc... documentarying my life or whatever balls worthless since I die either way lawl... though still interesting to others even while I am alive so fuck it)
3) Allows others to LEARN. Free Software allows others to learn by reading code. Reading code is ridiculously hard. I hate doing it. By 'filming the train of thought' as I code, other coders will learn PASSIVELY. It will be as easy for them as watching TV is. Watching TV is bullshit because you are just watching to be entertained... you rarely learn anything. You are only shown it so that they can try to sell you something. (Hmm, do I contradict myself here since I'm using an advertising model too?)







This is what my life is amounting to so far. I can't believe I've wasted this much time on it. I am pathetic. But... at least.... prospects are there! I STILL CAN. I am doing. I am in process. I am trying. I am not dead yet.


I don't give myself as much credit as I should. I was born 23 years ago. I expect myself to have already coded everything... it makes no sense.

Thinking up code takes ridiculously less time than implementing it. I have my whole life's work cut out. I doubt I'll run out of things to do. But I also do hope that because then it will mean that I have right in front of me BADASS AMAZING SOFTWARES :-D. The only way I'll achieve even a small percentage of my work is if I collaborate. I still don't understand how collaborating factors in with output-only mode.



I want to be in output-only mode so that my thoughts are pure and nobody breaks my chain of thought by sharing with me their shitty opinion.
I want to be in collaboration mode so that I can outsource work... or just... "use existing libraries"... that could be revised and/or brand new.

I will not get very far if I am in output-only mode.
I will not get very far if I am constantly distracted.


wat