Fuck. In gaining confidence of infinite time and infinite re-emergences of the same conscience (different bang instances), I run into again the same old problem of the 6 bullets in the revolver. I can pull the trigger 6 times and live. I _KNOW_ that to be true because "can" is a very weak word. It means that 1 out of 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999(infinity really) times, all 6 will be duds and I will live. Since it emerges once, it emerges every time!


There will be infinite universes where my family members and the world around me view it as a suicide, but there will also be infinite universes (I should call them "bang instances" from now on) where all 6 were duds! That is how infinity works. It is a mindfuck, but it is true.



So the question remains unanswerable and plaguing my mind: How Secure Should I Be? This is a boring question when relating to computer software: be as secure as you can etc because as long as you have backups, a hack is not a big deal. When factoring in MY LIFE, however, it is a much more difficult and important question. Do I bury myself in a bunker? I fear of flooding in that instance. I fear of poison food in all instances (cyanide roulette is a bleh solution to it).


I need to both care and not care simultaneously. It is impossible. It isn't about living an "optimal" life, as I know that such a thing does not exist. It is about choosing which side to lean more towards! Err on the side of.... caring too much? By default, it appears to make sense.



OK PERFECT
FUCKING SOLVED JACKPOT
Err on the side of caring too much, while attempting to care as little as possible.


Oh my god that is fucking such a beautiful structure of logic. I just orgasmed in my brain as I thought of it. It is a FUNCTION that accepts input (the worldly events) and is portable and flexible to every scenario.


It is not foolproof (can still die and/or be defeated (this is true under every scenario)), but it still gives you freedom to live. It is not "staying inside forever because going outside is dangerous" (waste of life / too fucking secure). It is a rule of thumb that should be called upon when designing security infrastructure. Live by that and you are MOST LIKELY (only hopefully really, there is no way to calculate such a thing) to live both securely and functionally (inb4 OpenBSD motto: Free. Functional. Secure.). I use functional as a "worth it" kind of life.