Because the spice is the worm, I will create High Quality Free Software as my goal/mission. HQ is subjective and is based on MY standard.

The software is the Steven.

The knowledge/software is the steven/d3fault.

Yes it cheesily coincides with that Dune movie that I fell asleep too last night (great movie, was just tired)... and I woke up having the above thoughts...

...but I do genuinely and literally believe MYSELF to be software. I am wetware (sameshit). I am Steven and I am Software. I am d3fault and I am knowledge.

Therefore, the spice is the worm! I am knowledge! d3fault is software! Etc etc.

I am intentionally making knowledge coincide with Steven (more human aspects) (except for the second non-whitespace line in this doc) and d3fault coincide with software (more computer aspect)... but in the end they are the same.


My goal is to create FREE/LIBRE (my own standard. I am deriving a new license just for this purpose) knowledge/software for fun/profit(ad-revenue-ONLY)/to-save-the-fucking-world-essentially-because-capitalism-will-eventually-kill-it. My goal is simultaneously self centered and for the greater good. I can't even remember if that was intentional or not. I don't need to remember. It has no relevance. Since it is self centered, it is... in a weird way... capitalistic. There is an underlying good to capitalism. It has brought us to where we are today (which is both a good and bad thing -- but for this sentence I mean all the good it has brought (technology, medicine, etc)). Abstract from the higher level concept/class the underlying meaning/interface. Use it to define new [thingy-ma-fucking-jiggers]. That your brain can't even summon a word is proof you are treading new territory. New culture? New forms of living? New "mission"? IDFK.



Yes we do need to make sure Wall-E type shit doesn't happen (mass apathy/boredom)... but I'm glad to be able to say I don't think I personally will have that problem (though indefinence is a long ass time.... so who knows).


My hardware is my body (brain incl). My software is my mind (the electricity etc that floweth througheth my braineth). Actually that isn't completely accurate because the ENCODINGs (aka memories) are chemically.... written(??)... into my brain. It is not JUST the active electricity... though perhaps the electricity is the key to consciousness. I am somewhat sure that you can shut a brain off and turn it back on... so long as the physical structures are kept in tact. In fact I think this has already been demonstrated scientifically (oh and it's also the basis of Cryonics lawl). Hypothermia patients etc or something I forget have had their brains "off" for extended periods of time and have then reactivated them with memories in tact.

My point is, being chemically written = physical. So my mind is physical? I mean especially considering electricity is physical that is definitely the case, but I would say that the electricity is.... temporary ('potential' the right word? idfk). It merely flows through the brain (when you are alive and most of the time). So in that sense it is not a part of your body physically. Blah.