-is interested, did invite, surprised coming = makes no fucking sense lmfao
is interested, did invite, whats the hold up mayng = wooooooot

-isn't interested, did invite, surprised coming = doesn't make sense because wouldn't be surprised coming if invited
isn't interested, did invite, whats the hold up mayng = this is the most likely scenario if she wasn't intending on sounding so neutral and based on observations and of course ignoring my denial that she still likes me (i have no idea, but as of right now HER WORDS have said the answer is "no")


is interested, didn't invite, surprised coming = shitty communication among her/hermom/my-mom but doesn't really say much else...
isn't interested, didn't invite, whats the hold up mayng = also pretty likely like if either my mom or her mom suggested it











and here is also complete proof that i am a complete fucking sociopath if i choose to be :-D. woot intelligence
for random reference: i made the equal signs all before i attempted to fill out the right hand side. it made more sense somehow to do so (so i wouldn't forget etc)










now that i've written all 6 (lolwut) i am starting to feel like it was just a "what's the hold up mayng"... but i only feel that way when analyzing it in black and white. to actually have heard it and when i replay it in my head, it seemed soooo much more neutral

i guess my point is that if she.. even if..... "instinctively".. or "accidentally/impulsively" (in the moment) said it in a neutral way ON PURPOSE, it..... tends to correlate.... with her being interested ;-)...... using some weird form of logic that i can't put into words but that makes sense in my sociopathic mind. I may not have socializing (smalltalk) abilities, but I do think I can read people and/or situations pretty well.



OT/some-lulz: "I might not like you at all. I might just be genetically programmed to be attracted to your feramones!" (since she is [12.5%] me!)
moar: at the end of the day, liking someone or "love" is usually just... "you are pretty and i like being around you". sex doesn't have to factor in although it obviously does.
moar2: I will readily admit that she looks like my mom and all that Freud bullshit... but I also don't give a shit. Free Will says I can do whatever the fuck I want. I think Freud argues that it isn't free will if it's a psychic construct, but my counter to that is this very "moar2"! I ADMIT/acknowledge it unlike most. Yes there is a bit of a resemblence (ESPECIALLY with body type) but I don't think about my mom when I see her. If I am reminded of my mom, it's only subconsciously.