speaking of pivots
i feel like i'm pivotting myself
right now this very moment
public
private
halfsies
quarter-seventyFive-sies
<insert-infinite-combinations-here>

i need a fucking slider
wish it was that easy
i'm trying to logic my way to the middle 'perfect' point now again
IMPOSSIBRU
glad i found that out already



two ways to approach it:
how much do i want to go public with?
or
how much do i want to go private with?


whitelist public shit (default to private)
or
whitelist private shit (default to public)


they are both good questions and i should ask/answer both
then evaluate the answers
whichever look... cleaner...
or something
easier to maintain
in my crane
cranium
brain
(idiot)
is the method i should use

blacklisting private is the same as whitelisting public
just as
blacklisting public (wait, what?) is the same as whitelisting private


i think the easiest is by far "whitelisting public"
but then... GUESS WHAT...
i am a "politician"
everything i despise
work on that shiny fucking public image
keep it spotless!
any private shit leaks = SHAME ATTACK = POSSIBLE SUICIDE BECAUSE OF EMBARRASSMENT
rooooooooooooofl


so maybe i should whitelist the private shit
or do i mean blacklist?
fuck, i don't even remember teh difference between white/black listing now
have i used the words too many time or is there a genuine ambiguity i'm hitting?

fuck it, i know what i mean: selectively filter what is private

but then i will be public BY DEFAULT and will most definitely eventually leak something private


GAH, WHAT DO

private (published, pseudo/anon + SIGNED) by default?
then i'm likely to leak something i intend to be PUBLIC
not that it would matter
but it would tie the pseudonym/anon 'name' to my REAL name

THE LEAKING GOES BOTH WAYS
roooooofl


fuck nuggets


there is, of course:
keep private unpublished until i can sort whether to do private/published or public/published
and i am careful that the two don't leak into each other
but then, guess what: i can be jacked



gah, i really want to escape the risk of being jacked. perhaps the only reason i put so much hate against being jacked is because i'm currently in the state of permanently planning (jeremy recently (re-watching old eps) referenced it on Peep Show: "what kind of life would that be?")

fuck it dinner time i need to do more thinking lmfao