remember that functioning is better than 100% optimized
because 100% optimized is an impossible goal and will take infinite life spans to accomplish
TODOreq: if i ever become immortal, make it 100% optimized ;-)

lol but seriously
what the fuck man
just make it work

stop fucking around
you're dying bitch
well maybe not
but probably / most likely

at the very LEAST,
you're wasting your pre-frozen years on earth

maybe the population will be 100 billion by the time you wake up
so just enjoy the ~7 billion you have now

you're taking your freedom of space for granted maybe?

maybe not though... space travel will add lots of............. space
rofl

bah

fuck this shit

living at home rofl

such a noob
so fucking 1337
and such a noob
simultaneously

get money
fuck bitches
smoke drugs

waste time until frozing :)

sanik y u cryin? was think of fast hurrrrrrr

idfk. even though i got nothing accomplished today i still feel like i got a good amount accomplished

i just love writing my thoughts

or i guess i should say (since i've already explored dis shit): i love thinking out loud
it helps me hear myself think (literally, bitch (note to year 3000 people: it used to be a figure of speech))

so fucking weird to think
3000

and what software/computers we'll have by then......

i feel like

the sun has been down for the past 15 billion years
and it's just now rising
we can JUST NOW finally see the terrain
this is fucking badass. DO WANT MOAR. FREEEEEZE MEH. i want to code Qt/C++ on your year 3000 computer [that probably has a completely different programming paradigm to account for it's (probable) vast amounts of cores. still, there will [probably ;-)] always be value in procedural programming. A -> B. even if you have a million cores doing A -> B, you still need a somewhat sequential/linear execution sequence (PROVE ME WRONG WHILE I AM FROZEN AND I WON'T REALLY CARE WHEN I WAKE UP)].

i just...

can't wait

even for my own future

it just looks amazing

hell

i can't wait to get that hacky git external hdd setup

rofl.

shit's just getting amazing ridiculously fast in my life
i love drugs