The prerequisite for our existence/life-on-earth (infinity) is the same prerequisite for infinite multiverse theory (infinity). There is no HARD PROOF that either are actually real (I think therefore I am), but I've classified life here and now as "assumed reality". It is assumed because it is........ tangible. I can reach out and touch it. I can modify it at will. I have [limited (fuck you chemicals!)] control of my body and can do whatever I want (incidentally "whatever I want" is modified by chemicals also xD). How can we get the same "relative certainty" for infinite multiverse theory? Does the same deductive reasoning of "I assume infinity to exist because it makes sense (is tangible... in my head)" give me enough confidence to say that infinite multiverses are my new assumed reality? That I experience them all [seemingly!] simultaneously is what makes this difficult. There is no way to communicate one to the other (at least, given current technology there isn't). All I have, or ever can have, is my confidence in infinity. You don't need to know about, appreciate, and/or comprehend infinity in order to 'accept' this 'assumed reality' (our existence plainly). We do it from a very young age, before we can read or write or even speak(?). Our eyeballs soak up light and our ears soak up vibrations. Our skin and body soak up FEEL [bro]. Our stomachs and tongues soak up taste and nutrition. Our senses allow us to determine with relative certainty that this reality exists. We have no "senses" that affirm (NOT to be confused even remotely with 'confirm') the existence of infinite multiverses. I can only rely on the same "I think therefore I am" analysis. I think I am a single instance of infinitely recurring big bang instances, therefore I am. It doesn't give me much confidence. Without those senses, complete 'relative certainty' can [probably] never be achieved (by me?).

The concept of senses to affirm our own existence doesn't even transfer well to being able to affirm infinite multiverses. It may be because we cannot fathom what another "sense" would be, or it may be just because the concept is ill-chosen. The senses themself only serve as 'anecdotal' (mite b wr0ng word idfk) "proof" (hardly)... but they aren't necessarily the only ones. They are just the most obvious and therefore get the most attention. They make it easy for us, I should add. If we were born into a blackness where nothing can be heard/seen/smelled/tasted/felt, our brains would very unlikely become self aware and/or intelligent. That's not to say it's impossible!!! Just incredibly unlikely.


Could be waaaay off target here, but who gives a shit. I am are an explorerererer [of teh mind]. Theory: The same logical deduction(s) to give yourself relative certainty of your own existence while in the "blackness" described above can be used to also give yourself relative certainty of infinite multiverses. GOOD LUCK WITH THAT (that's all I got [for now]). Close your eyes, go in a sound-proof isolation chamber (sooooo doooo waaannt), let that problem soak in and see what you come up with. The isolation chamber simulates the "blackness", except our minds are insanely biased before we enter into them. This bias can be harnessed because we know what answer we are looking for: we exist. But the bias must carefully be disregarded when searching for a path to that answer. To rid yourself of bias and to retain knowledge of your existence (to be BORN into an isolation chamber, in effect (very inhumane and fucked up btw)) is a contradiction. Our bias (all experiences before going into the blackness) is what gives us our confidence in our existence. Without it we would never form words or abstract thought and our brains would essentially be mush (see: vegetables).


Perhaps the problem can be tackled while tripping balls on some psychedellic substances (TODDOreq).



I still have no hard proof that forming such a theory would help affirm infinite multiverses, but without knowing the theory, I also don't know that it won't. It is just a "hunch" and I feel it's worth exploring.