i did a practice run of talking to myself... err... thinking out loud (but i was doing it in my head lol paranoia) this morning... AND IT WAS OH SO FUN. i wish i could do it 24/7/365 until i am dead. definitely need that glass box around my head so i don't subject others to it (and possibly a black part over my mouth so they don't even need to know i'm speaking). or i could just say fuck them. but eh throw two of us in the same room (i'm bound to be mimicked) and lol neither of us will STFU.

will i be silent when listening to others talk?


literal silent vs. 'muted' silent (the glass box has speaker output)
idfk.

fuck it
can decide later or just not decide and say fuck everyone lmfao



the more important step is GETTING TO THAT POINT
fuck my life, but that sample this morning was fun. i was just ranting in my head about the things i'd go on about. i can talk fast and touch shit tons of subjects. but how long will it last until i start repeating myself? fuck it, better to repeat yourself than to think you said something you didn't say.

TODOreq: dupe tag :-P
the dupe tags should be like dually linked lists. neither mention is more important than the other (though they should still have a left <--> right (said first, said later) relationship :-P. and of course: N dupes, not just 2



tagging will be the only way i can be.... listened to...


what's with this googletaggingservices domain i see when whitelisting noscript domains? is google catching on (AS IN, THEY JACKED MY SHIT LMFAO) or are they just stupid? probably the latter.

i swear if they have stolen + PATENTED the idea, i will shoot them both in the face. that's a fact jack.


but first i will just ignore their patent :-P
bitcoin = what are you going to do, motherfucker?
dht too...
i am playing a different game
government cannot touch me, except physically
but i don't think breaking a patent is a prison/jail'able offense (could be wrong, hope i'm not: otherwise shoot to the face time (them))


i don't want to become evil but there are certainly things that can happen to me that will push me into that realm. if i ever 'go off the grid' or otherwise turn myself off... start worrying. why am i telling you this? because it doesn't matter. tor is tor is tor is tor is tor is tor is ANONYMOUS SO FUCK YOU ANYWAYS MUAHAHAHAHAHA wow the future scares me (because others have the power too)~