typedef Copyright CopyRestriction; //same goes for plural forms

I will use the term "Copyright" only when legally asserting it, but for discussion purposes I will only refer to it as a restriction. The reason is simple: you have no "rights". It is clearly intentionally worded, by "them", to be misleading. I would even see myself putting forward a petition/etc to have it changed to "restriction" in the legal text (so it becomes legally valid when asserting). Who "they" are and their ratlike reasoning behind it ("hurr the rights of the author", BULLSHIT. the author is not the one that does the copying [in the context of copyright]! the author is not the one who the CopyRestrictions apply to! He has all the rights that the CopyRestriction takes away (and he is the only one (unless he grants rights to others -- none of which are granted by default and 99.9999999999% of the time you see the word "copyright" there are no rights associated (exception/dat-tiny-percent: copyleft))) from those who he distributes it to. CopyRestriction does not affect the author, it affects the audiences/receivers. So to call it "Copyright" is misleading. It seems as though it is meant to sound "nicer" on purpose so as to pursuade the idiots of the world, but of course I cannot prove that (nor do I need to in order to get it changed to "restriction"! The increased accuracy of the newer form is reason enough)) is irrelevant. They are probably dead by now anyways. Our government for the people should not confuse and mislead those same people.




I don't have anything against the usage of the word "right", because yes it is true that the author does (should? debatable) get all exclusive rights [by default]...... except when the word comes directly after the word "copy". Putting them next to each other like so is what I have a problem with. It leads you to believe you have rights to copy. It sounds a hell of a lot "nicer" than CopyRestrictions..... which is A MUCH MORE ACCURATE AND LESS MISLEADING way of wording it.



I won't cry if my petition/thingo fails... but it's worth lifting a finger over in an attempt to bring clarity to the world. Clarity helps increase the average intelligence of the world: the less confused you are, the more time you can spend learning/getting-smarter. I will refer to it when conversing with others or writing about it etc as CopyRestrictions, because that is what they are. "Accuracy above all".