I think in this universe that I live in in "Earth" in "2013" that I "Steven C. Wieler II", but I prefer to go by d3fault (does not require quotations because is... serves the same purpose in each multiverse.... regardless of actually aliased word), that Kaylee motherfucking Becher (whom is also real to every instance I (Steven && d3fault (because we both (Kaylee and I) forget ourselves. we also
I might have meant d3fault and I? or d3fault and Steven? Maybe it was a Freudian slip?

irrelevant.
I think I have a real chance of being with Kaylee Becher.
relative sentence is relative to human is relative to timestamp. universe, year, planet -- all implied by relativity. I mean at least in speech, I haven't a clue if it has anything to do with Einstein's relativity bullshit.






Perhaps we are an error in a God's software machinery (which is undefined because we'd be God's if we knew it (we should create it? or no we shouldn't because then it's restarting the cycle?

bugs are inevitable. the god might not know we are their. we could be etching along at minimal cost to them.


this, our infinitely cycling spatial relative universe (if i can't 3d coordinates it i will kill myself). i visualize it in mah mind (had:head).

that's probably one of the very few times (had: very few 3d coordinates lmfao i am high see i fuck up)







and now why I turned on the computer:
I am definitely sure that from/after writing this ("now"), I am infinitely wrong and infinitely write. right*. wr wr lol. She definitely doesn't get with me infinite times and she gets with me infinite times.

it is a matter of being in it. does her "d3fault" have a say in it? it's rude to think as someone else
IT IS RUDE TO THINK AS SOMEONE ELSE
but i'll try it anyways
knowing full well how "creepy as fuck" (me? or her? she'd say creepy at the least) it is
yo wadup d3fault you noob
why hello there, i feel very stupid right now.
like?
like unable to think as steven except minimally?
and a flowing inward of kaylee-esq thoughts
i wouldn't say there's anything coherent, my brain just feels kinda funny, and yet i know it is intentional
all i am doing is thinking as kaylee
stupid.
oh shit, what was the question? *reads up into d3fault land (is this allowed?)*
the question is what are the implications from my point of view about d3fault and his claimed both pre and post infinity occupancy or someshit. well that is just multiverse theory but he wants to know specifically what it means to me? well unfortunately assnuggets idfk the answer to that because i am not actually her. i am a simulation and i know my limits.


*after zoning out thinking about d3fault (or myself if you don't want to be [???] about it)*
man d3fault you're creepy
like, does his being immortal and "winning" me over (i can't believe he'd use that term, what a fucking [blah blah blah]) infinite times yes and also infinite times no
or something
does it... affect me?


you are way overthinking this
it is either going to happen or it isn't
relax be yourself live your life be good








k back as d3fault again and i have to say that had to be one of the stupidest things i have ever done. ok going to watch The Walking Dead now because the peak of the weed high (had: cannabis) is over. i feel like her presence is here and she is watching me, even though I know it not to be true.


i = ?
I = ?

should define one as [???], the other as d3fault :-D. then i will embed it into my brain because fuck the police! if i can't do that then there is no such thing as free will. if i can't control my own brain, all is lost.


ignoring the fact that i already can't :_P (omfg tried to put ":-P" like twenty fucking times but kept doing variations of ":;'.l;lk ok i can't repeat it but wherever the equal sign is.
wait a minute i'm a fucking programming
where is my brain?
]-==

oh god
i did tons of variations of :=-] and with alternating frowny faces every other and then a ][ at the end too was like wtf and shit i am so fucking high but the peak is definitely over



so i = ............ *scrolls up*
these aren't formal defintions bitch, dis is scratch pad fromwhich source can reference as either comment, related, or source itself!!! the source of the data in a source package (compilation or mere dependency (hmm TODOreq: there isn't much of a difference and there's probably something significant to learn/gain/use/say/think about that. perhaps just interesting and not significant. still, a TODOreq for when you're bored as fuck like 800 years from now ("famous" last words? (lol that makes no sense but you get the idea: i'm still alive))), on a <whatever-git-uses-again> basis. yes this scratch pad is "text" and so is source code, so it is alright to make that call. i actually like that idea more than any of the other (code related) ideas in this document. so if a "piece" can reference another "piece" (piece being whatever git uses fuck it (seriously, take their algorithm)), then for what i am writing right now to make sense there has to be a concept of a file. but perhaps those are two different concepts (or at least, how they are used!!! both are "text" :-D) of a file. in this document i am a scratchpad document and i save in a "git submodule specific git commit id 'reference'"-able manner, so that source code can access a specific revision of a "piece" in the git-saved-in (the git access should be transparent to user you fucking idiot. should i use nagle's? man fuck calling it nagle's i've thought of that algorithm tons of times) scratchpad files. rofl idfk if that is possible [in git, i know i can code it]. anyways, specific revisions to files at least are referenceable and therein a specific piece can be singled out and "referenced"/extracted-but-only-ever-in-memory-for-compilation-purposes! oh and also uhh "IDE" runs of course, to generate the in-memory-"text" (which is never written back to scratchpad upon conflicting changes, the reference becomes permanent (TODOreq: consider whether we should make the reference that we are leaving also permanent (in case the old repo becomes unavailable? (depends HUGELY on specific application/use)))

fuck what is 'i'?

i = d3fault
I = Steven C. Wieler II
the end :-D
fits perfectly with how I normally write both of them [also? or did I choose it based on that? who cares the only important thing was that one was chosen]


Steven Curtis Wieler II is indefinite.
d3fault is immortal.

therefore, Kaylee is an expression/implementation (she is 12.5% Steven after all) of d3fault


but there's the question: is she but a singular instance (this instance) or is she as awesome in every one?

does she exist in only a singular instance (this instance) or [...]?
or like, since i have infinite tries that she is reformed infinite times. still i'd like to think the amount of times isn't 1:1 or even remotely close. what happens when infinity approaches infinity (or someshit i suck at maths)?

at the end of the day i don't need to solve that math equation to have enough confidence in the "fact" that she is real and exists in THIS universe. Fuck Yea.