i feel inclined to mention that maybe eddie and kaylee are just friends. my inclination stems from my fear of burning a bridge.

i think about her a lot still/lately, but i feel better about it
the gears are turning
the line is cast
the seed is planted


she is journeying through insanity so who knows what her thoughts will be when she emerges on 'the other side' (jim morrison)

i want to, next time she mentions she is insane in front of me, put my hand over her forehead and say: "break on through to the other side"

it's really what it's about
insanity is a stage of life
i have said this many times before

...i just have way more free time than her so it makes sense that i've processed it further


it's also a stage of evolution
errr, what i mean is is that it makes sense that we must become insane before shit makes sense. we evolved from nothing




porn
i want to make porn
like being evil, i stupidly associate this with kaylee
except unlike being evil, i would do it regardless of evil status



HOWEVER, i would gladly sacrifice making porn for kaylee
and...

since i'm just 'waiting'... i don't know whether or not i should make porn

my free will, freedom of speech, and right to do drugs... i would be HESITANT (very hesitant, but less so with the last one) to give up for kaylee
but porn i would give up in a heartbeat (not watching it though.. just making it)



but i don't know



i'm not even sure if kaylee is really THE ONE
i mean i feel like she is
i'm relatively confident she is
but sometimes i wonder if she's just the manifestation of my subconscious [only]
sure she's real
sure she's lovely and a great person
but she might not be all my subconscious has beefed her up to be. is beef the right word there? sounds weird tbh



so my... clinging to the chance that she might.... grow a tree (which is a relationship between us)... is keeping me from...
idk the words to use here
being fearless?
crossing bridges?
BEING MYSELF!?!?!?!?


i'm reminded of that house episode
the guy opted into female hormones just because it made him a happier person
it wasn't who he was supposed to be, but it made him happier

so i guess....

.... i should pursue happiness???


that definitely makes sense




SO, BOILED DOWN:
-happiness attained from bliss from 100% mode with no restraint/fear/etc
vs.
-happiness attained from being kaylee, which [PROBABLY] requires watering down



there is slight/miniscule possibility that i could just be myself... but eh i doubt it. she doesn't seem to be into the whole perverted thing...




i feel like, and i could be wrong, that she's the only person i could be monogamous for
i could be wrong because there could be others
i could be wrong because i miiiiiiiiight cheat on even her (though fuckin aye' i sure as shit hope not. you idiot you shouldn't even subject her to you if you aren't sure that you won't!!! that goes for any relationship)



it's cliche that i like her
she's into world peace and all that yada yada
she said the other day that she isn't that into teaching, that she wants to get into social services or something
CLICHE
let's make a movie about it
guy gets rich goes for the beautiful girl that's into saving starving children etc and they live happily ever after as she blows his money because he's so rich he doesn't give a fuck

brad pitt, angelina jolie


....but tbh i like the dick van dyke / marry poppins analogy bettar :-D

ESPECIALLY SINCE MY FINGERS RIG IS GOING TO BE LIKE HIS INSTRUMENT RIG IN MARRY POPPINS FUCK YEEEEEAAAA (cept digital)