Rebel without a cause. Your chaotic delivery of a "family", and their random features/flaws/etc... means rebel without a cause is (just like everyting else), a reflection of it's environment. So yes, I did not make myself. I just hit the weird jackpot of....... introspection?

My mom played a huge role... or at least a huge... POSITIVE... one....

My dad played the opposite: "how not to act".

Bro beat the shit out of me and sis... well...
.... I don't know how to quantify my sis. I think she's paying where I am reaping. I wish she bounced back to > 0 rather than <.

Bro had no siblings to reflect on so is your typical "oldest child".

Our environments are chaotic and that's what squeezed me out. I didn't choose to be squeezed out and I sure as shit didn't see it coming.


As a kid I was an asshole. Kaylee still sees me as that asshole. Why wouldn't she? I've done nothing as an adult. I have not done a single thing to prove otherwise, except maybe decent parenting skills around Caydon...


So then you throw programming, drugs, reflection (meditation), into the mix... stir for a few years.... and here I am.


Were the few years necessary? I feel like I could have and wanted to launch a few years ago. Maybe I'm just overcooking... but I'm not burnt yet. 30 and I'm burnt and will kill myself. TWENTY-FOUR fuck yea have a lot of life left.

Does over over under apply? I'm definitely over now. I want to launch. I need to. This sitting in silence building coding thinking meditating planning is literally driving me insane. LITERALLY. (Quoting XKCD, because "literally" adds nothing to that sentence).




My mother made me patient and loving. My father made me calm and want to do something with my life (since he is neither calm nor is doing something with his life). My brother made me strong. My sister made me............ ??????????

Is she the opposite of me then? Did she reflect off of me? What am I to reflect off of? I guess time will tell (sup Caydon). I can't think of any one defining feature of her (can anyone say one for me (bias won't let me say one about myself)?). She's more like my father I suppose. This depressing train of thought needs to be suppressed because I don't want to kill myself.


I need to launch so she can reflect on WHO I AM BECOMING. Who I will be. I am intelligent enough finally to pick and choose who/what I want to be (to an extent).