Life is finally getting interesting because I have made it interesting. I'm having a blast playing around with my new dedi. tmux is fun, ssh is fun (have read about it tons, but never had a reason to use it (and yes, i know how to use pke in c++ already xD)). MyBrain-PublicFiles.7z.001 is uploading to Freenet as I write this... at least I think it is... "HTTP request sent; waiting for response." ... and it keeps getting redirected ever ~20 mins so maybe not idfk. Freenet provides what I want in a NOW sort of way, so I'll let the fact that it's written in Java slide...

I'm having a blast operating in ultra hack mode. I've let my quality standards drop to .01%... I need to get this fucking video camera pointed at my fucking face and then I'll crank my quality standards back up to 99.99999%. There's still a decent sized chunk of code ahead of me, but I know I can do it if I stay in ultra hack mode (and hey, at $79/month (100TB mfw)... now I have "pressure").

I had a dream last night where I was still in high school at the age of 25 because I kept failing the same class right at the same part: milking a cow. Hannah or some other friend asked me like "you passed math and english and all that and you failed at milking a cow O_o?". I think the real reason I was failing was because the teacher hated me. It was my stagecraft teacher, I forget his name (have nothing against him irl (nor he I as far as I know)). In a different class (I was forced to take a full day of classes xD) Hannah volunteeered or some shit to sing or play an instrument (violin? banjo?), or perhaps sing+play combo in the front of the class. Why I have no idea. So she gets up there in front of the class and is doing her shit and I am in the back of the class and I climb up on top of some table thing against the back wall and start making faces at her and wave at her in a silly manner like crunching my hands as if I was squeezing something (my 2nd cousin by adoption Tanner used to do this when he was little). I was wearing black fuzzy liner gloves. There was another class where it was back in elementary school or something and I think it was my 6th grade teacher (but not my 6th grade classroom (students = idk)): we, the students, walked around to various classrooms and in each one was a bunch of tables with sweets (candies, cakes) on them and yea I guess we just fucking pigged out and went from class to class.

Time to hack this "observe" shit :)