I have read further in that chapter, and another line caught my attention and probably forever changed who I am and will be (INPUT MODIFIES THE FUCK OUT OF YOU! I was in a 'bleh' state, so I CHOSE to allow Montaigne to modify me). The line was: "everybody in the world is acting a part" (or something like that, I'm writing it from memory because I'm too lazy to get the book off my bed).


This is undoubtedly true. HOWEVER, I feel as though I am presented a unique opportunity: to be the first person ever (in this iteration of existence "ever") to not have to act.

Is acting a right or a necessity?
Surely it should be a right, but I don't think it should be a necessity. It currently is [a necessity]. Bullshit.



I am disgusting, but I am good. I will be vulgar. I will not censor even a single line. An early death is worth being in a mode of "not acting" even for 5 minutes. I have regrets [that I won't censor]. I can merely state that I regret them. That they make me want to censor them is an indicator of that. I utterly refuse to take advantage of this rare and unique opportunity. I hope that I change the world that follows my death such that all humans can be in an acting-less state of being. I stand on the shoulders of giants, but I am a single person.


Hyper-bliss = not acting, a state which no human has yet to enter into


Kaylee will have to see past the vulgarity. She'll have to see the good person underneath. I am a good person. I know I am and I want to be one. I will it. I am sexual. Sexual is merely reproduction, whoop de fucking do.


As much as I want to set her as my target of unrestraint (and as it was even mere hours ago (I ask myself even now: will I reverse this reversal?)), I barely know her. It is a fantasy. It is the pursuit of pleasure (love) and the hatred of pain (loneliness) that I idolize her so. I'd still surely be "down", but I cannot ACT in order to attain it.


Bitcoin, the internet...


Flale is stupid. Flale is nothing.
NOTHING = not acting. Precisely. I want nothing more than anything. It is my true being. It is my "unrestrained self". The days of the need for acting are over. I will flip a mental switch in my evolved-from-literally-NOTHING brain to shut it off. Others will mimic. I will change the world.



Bitcoin and the internet are so fucking new. I am priveleged to be born in this era. It is an opportunity that someone else would stumble upon [eventually]. When? I haven't the slightest idea. The sooner the better, this world is going to destroy itself I fear. Not that it matters, infinite multiverse theory etc. DON'T BE AFRAID. You and you. You (the reader) and you (steven/d3fault). Be afraid of acting. Be afraid that your mask will get stuck on your face like blood clots over a wound. Tear it off and bleed all over the place. Don't be afraid to be stupid. Don't be afraid to say stupid things. Admit when you are wrong and move on.



ARROGANT AS FUCK: I am probably the smartest person on the planet. I had this thought a few days ago, but eh it applies even moreso now. The only way I am not the smartest person on the planet (as if you can measure apples to oranges ANYWAYS) is if there is another like me that is also still in the pre-launch phase. I very much doubt it. 7 billion is nothing. I am one in a kuh-zuh-ba-zillion-trillion-grillion (which isn't even 1% of infinity, btw). I am excited for my knowledge to be soaked up. I will be surpassed within months/years. My knowledge will spread like a fucking virus. I am doing a disservice to the world by remaining private. I am doing a disservice to myself by remaining private.

Oh I will of course censor shit that will get me thrown into prison without passing Go and without collecting $200 ;-). Cheeeese Pizzzzaaaa. Hey look at this girl, think she's hot? YOU PEDO, SHE IS 17!!! GO TO PRISON FOR 10 YEARS.


Privacy is bullshit. Computers/radios are only getting smaller. You want privacy? Enjoy your paranoia.




I feel like my metaphorical hand is letting go of Kaylee. Montaigne also mentioned in that same chapter that he severed love that consumed him so. I deny (in denial) that the same applies to me. I tell myself that Kaylee's worth it. Denial is the final level of your brain (on any subject). Or as they say, the first step towards recovery.


I still very much hope that she can see through the vulgarity and non-sense and choose to be with me, but eh. There isn't much I can do about it. She has free will, as do I. She exists. Others exist. I tend to tell myself that since I cannot prove they exist, that they might not. I am relatively certain that they do. I am relatively certain that reality is how it appears to be. Not how others have explained it (God etc hurrr), but from what logic and deduction and common sense of sight and smell and taste and feel and hear dictates. I wonder if there is another dimension we cannot and are not experiencing because of a lack of a sense? None of that ghost bullshit, I can't even conceptualize what the dimension would be: that's the whole point. As soon as you get an idea of what that dimension/sense is, remove it because you are wrong. You cannot be right unless you have experienced it.



I wonder what I've discovered and skimmed over disinterested that will get me recognition/fame. I refer to Alan Turing's "Game Theory" of his early days, which he barely even gave a shit about. He won a nobel prize for it in his later years. I wonder what I've accidentally stumbled upon. Even if it's just the first few words of a giant tangent/parenthesis that some other logician will unfold (that I myself have yet to elaborate on because I am not indefinite yet and don't have nearly enough time to elaborate on each one I create (for every one I close, I open five more)). That is bliss. Endlessly opening parenthesis knowing someday you'll be bored enough to come back and try to elaborate on them and/or close them. I will be indefinite. I am confident enough in science/technology/medicine in 2012 to say that the frozing shit will work. NOT TO MENTION I am merely 23 (tomorrow I am 24 :-P). Medicine will continue to improve EXPONENTIALLY (and hopefully even moreso once I go public? (not implying I've done anything medically related, but maybe I can help doctors unlock their brains in the same way Montaigne has helped me unlock mine?)) until I am an old fuck. Perhaps the percent chance of it working will improve from the ~90% I put it at now to ~99.9999%, which is practically a guarantee (especially when factoring in infinite multiverse theory lol).


If a logician unfolds what I have triggered, I hope that his text will be aligned right with mine. Perhaps in a different color, but I don't want to think he'll "fork" and go write it somewhere else (where I won't read it). All knowledge and all sentences and everything should all exist together (free, of course). Metadata and Tagging etc can be used to differentiate attirubution (which is really just human emotion anyways. there isn't much logical need for it) etc, but we should all elaborate and correct and contribute to each other indefinitely.


A mountain of knowledge, no doubt. Incomprehensible for any single human (on that note, here's a thought of recent: perhaps it is true that the only machine capable of processing true artificial intelligence is the universe itself --- meaning we can never do it on a small/computer scale --- though we might be able to study ourselves enough to clone/improve/modify ourselves to become much smarter (or something????))... but it shouldn't need to be understood by a single human. You contribute what you know and continue to learn. With all of us bouncing free ideas back and forth continuously, boredom should never be encountered (famous last words? infinity is infinity).



Bitcoin, solar power, automated farming........... who the fuck do I depend on that I need to act? That is my point. I will be rich ON TOP OF IT ALL, but that isn't even necessary. Same with fame. meh. Leave me alone!!!!