Programming is [something]... so I am naturally a sociopath.

anticipating Human Interaction
Formally Anticipating (in a Compileable manner) Human Interaction (aka Nature)

that was the longest startup time ever

my brain auto-predicts-and-selects the situation and best possible outcome and then even autopilots it too

is how i socially interact
but i would say that i am not an attention whore, though I should be if my objective is fame. Fame can be an objective as a means to an end (selling out isn't selling out if you're admitting you're selling out?) for furthering human objectives (mainly in programming).

i have thought about this before: i need to be able to toggle between programming mode and social interaction
so i guess what i'm saying is i need social interaction? otherwise i forget how2 socially interact (i guess it could be forgotten and re-learned (dealing with "indefinite" lifespans here))




even though it is a skill and very useful to programming to be able to think in that manner
it makes you a sociopath.

i am a sociopath by default. (but only when intelligent enough to be one (just clarifying: not everyone is a sociopath by default))
^perfect fucking example of me predicting (anticipating) human interaction (you reading this from me)

also true: i am a sociopath by d3fault.

as in, i am a sociopath through d3fault.

fuck off englishfags


even though i am yes indeed a sociopath, i wouldn't say i fully utilize it like in a "to better myself" manner as much as i KNOW i could. the question is whether or not i want to: TO ACHIEVE ONLY GOOD THINGS. EXPLICITLY GOOD. the intent is the only remnants of some ideas (that end up backfiring and SEEMING LIKE BAD IDEAS (and maybe they were), but the intent was good and pure and should be rememebered and perhaps refined (technology permitting (if relevant)) and retried.

Communism comes to mind.

But by backing Robotic Communism you are effectively asking the Christian Capitalists to declare war on you and kill you or at least get you thrown out of the political system (lol wut? I'm not even going for politics I thought (think? thought? think? thought?)) and possibly thrown into jail. I guess they could also try to legally kill you but when i said kill before this i meant illegally.

Communism fails because humans are almost entirely easily corrupt. As in, almost entirely all humans will fall for the corruption through (had: of) power that comes with politics.

Robots do not "need to take a cut for themselves". Their power costs are not seen as "payment" to the robot for it's services. The power costs are essentially one time fees for "enough solar panels and batteries (and possibly a battery factory because paying for them becomes stupid after a while) to keep the robots on 24/7/365". Robots will evolutionarily (through human critique and improvement (VIVA LA OPEN SOURCE)) learn to maintain themselves. I know this to be true because I can and will make it true (and it "already compiles" in my head).

The power comes from the sun (and possibly other stars eventually). There is such an abundance of sunlight that we'll be set for billions of years. <- FAMOUS LAST WORDS

My point with stating the fact that the power comes from the sun is just to basically disconnect all "power dependency" feeling that you get from traditional power. Power is one thing (of many) that compels a human into "joining the system" and getting a job and working their life away. I think humans can live exciting lives on minimal power consumption. Robotic Communism is only used for food and water and electricity. There are no taxes because the sun is abundant. The argument of "maintenance" was already handled. It is a short term problem. <- FAMOUS LAST WORDS

