contradiction:
be nice
vs.
don't censor yourself


It's not that I'm "mean", but being uncensored certainly appears that way. "Kill them with kindness". It is a special ability that I have; whether I choose to harness it is an entirely different question.


I thought of putting all vulgar material in an encrypted "container" that will surely be decryped in the future. Probably after I am dead or in a frozen state, but possibly while I am still alive (quantum computing is near! but also moore's law has yet to be broken!). It also means that I'd be "jackable" if I have a compromise in my system. It also means I'd be forced to "act".


I thought about having a toggle switch. I've talked about the "opt-in" concept of "nothing hold back" mode, but have recently come up with the modification of having a 2-mode rocker switch being a central part of my "video stream". Vulgarity should be opt-in (18+, and this is regardless of whether or not I use the toggle switch. I think it should be opt-in no matter what at this point), and those that have opt'd into it get to see me in both positions of the toggle switch. It is merely a "tag" on the stream. "Nothing Held Back" vs. "Professional/Courteous/Self-Censoring" mode. The "idea" I had was I could launch into libre mode 24/7/365 with a suit all proper and formal and bullshit and then say something like "everything i your life comes down to a single move" while staring at the rocker switch. Hit teh 5meo-laced weed bong and then tilt the rocker. Tear off suit/tie start spouting randomly (i am explicitly NOT planning what will be said. the trip will tell me) and flaling about randomly. Etc. This idea is decent, but I'm not sure I want to ever have the formal/professional mode. It is an "acting" mode.

I do want to be child friendly...
...but I also just want to be myself.

Kids will always exist, so we shouldn't modify our entire lives around them. Adults need to live as adults. But should we separate the adult world from the child world? Adults can handle nudity and "cusswords", but should children be subjected to it?


The negative connotations around sex are merely an evolutionary defense/trait against STDs that is ingrained in us. Once medicine improves to the point where STDs are no longer a problem, there is no longer a need to "hide our children" from sex. Cuss words are something else entirely (they shouldn't even exist)... and violence will ALWAYS exist. When to allow our children to see violence is a debate I don't see ever being solved. And luckily I have no urge (well ;-P... I guess I should say "chance") to be violent so it isn't an issue (if launched :-P).

On the subject of violence: I feel as though I have to face my shame or live as a private coward, which will [out of boredom and capability] lead me to violence. Thus, shame leads to violence. The "media" are responsible for violence. It isn't just the media though... it's all of society.




Uncensored: "Fuck You"
Censored: "Screw You"
PC: "Forget You"
Kill-em-with-kindness: "No Thank You"

they are all more or less the same, but I like to think my "natural" (AKA "habitual") mode is Uncensored. Now back to the very top line: Niceness contradicts being against censorship. One of my favorite quotes from Voltaire: "I may not agree with what you say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it".

I am in the party of people whose sayings are mostly unagreed with (because I am "vulgar"). I don't see, in this day and age, a problem with merely existing and being as vulgar as I want. I just also want to not entirely ditch my family (especially you know who). I want to be someone that "sets a good example" for Caydon, but I also want to ROW ROW FIGHT THE POWAR and not bow down to "PC" and/or Censorship.


I have said before that I need to just not care about who is left behind. I need to, but I do regardless. I care/want to have a family. I will have "fans" / friends (probably mostly the same -_-), but those whose opinions I respect might not want anything to do with me because of my vulgarity.

I've made a lot of accomplishments over the past few weeks. Mainly just decisions and the like. LIBRE-mode (and my shitty/small "revolution" (just a court case whoop-de-do)) is full go, etc etc. I'm in an open plain of sorts, with so many decisions right in front of me. I am in the most important deciding state of my entire life. I feel as though "vulgarity" is the last of them (I've decided on things I haven't yet written about: they are coming up next). The best way to summarize the issue is "nice vs. uncensored".


Nice is just an appearance, and appearances matter [to most]. I was watching some porn earlier where this bitch was giving a dude a massage and then started giving him a nice sensual/slow blowjob. She had a purple robe on and idk it was just pretty fucking hot. Then later she took off her robe and there were tattoos all over her body. She just looked... dirtier and less attractive. I skipped back to the part where she had the robe still on and instantly came and started farting. You get the idea. It was then I was sure of it: "appearances matter". How much you CARE about your appearance is another item altogether. I should also note that to a very good extent you've already gone passed a point of no return with your "image". You couldn't get away with not being a pervert even if you wanted to.



I want to be uncensored, but I also want to be like Walt Disney. Get in kid's (PEOPLE'S) minds while they're young! To do that I have to not be vulgar, else the rest of society will reject me and CENSOR me. Lol nubs. Then again, they will all die and my content will [HOPEFULLY] still be around. I'm taking great technical measures to ensure it is ;-).





STILL, I "have the ability" (most don't) to be in that "kill em with kindness" mode. I have the self control required to not react to people trying to "get under my skin". I also have the intelligence to [most of the time] call them out. Explain exactly what they are doing as they are doing it. Should I harness it? Would it make me more influental? I know it would make me more of a "family man". It's weird because I both value "family" but I also think it's shit. I think an entire society should be a person's "family" (obviously this can't go into effect yet).



I may be able to substitute words and phrases, but there is no substitute for sex... and I have a healthy appetite. Marriage/WHATEVER/monogamy is an "acceptable substitute" (from 3rd party perspective), but I'd still want to make porn!!!!!! I... just... love... porn.... what's wrong with that, aside from it being "vulgar"?


There's definitely still the issue of what to do with my previous content, lol. I HAVE BEEN vulgar, there is no changing that. I can attempt to censor it by means of shredding, but even then there is no guarantee that the encrypted containers haven't been copied and are currently being decrypted by supercomputers/etc. Or they could just be copied and waiting for quantum computers (because I'm a low priority target or whatever). My stake-driving "i was learning" bullshit claim could at least be an identifiable marker, you know?


I think what's more important than vulgarity is doing what you say. Having software driven social interactions where your actions are recorded + VERIFIED to keep a track record of how often you lie or blow people off etc etc etc is much more important than any of this vulgarity bullshit. Gah, I'm digressing and need to write other docs (previous thoughts) before I can elaborate