i guess, caring, is the key to it all
specifically, NOT caring.
so... business as usual?
does that mean keep procrastining on launch
as well as
just generally not giving a fuck (with (initially had written "without" here but lol that's wrong) respect to life 'in general' (whatever the fuck that means)
like, not being afraid of death not giving a fuck
FULL BLAST not giving a fuck
vs.
Procrastinating not giving a fuck
holy shit "not giving a fuck" is an ambiguious phrase
though delightful
it may (but may not) stem from the vast amount of uses of the word "fuck"
i don't think it does
i think it has a completely different kind of meaning
it's like a modification for how much fuck you give during the activity in which it is modifying
"could be sky diving not giving a fuck"
and
"paintballing not giving a fuck"
and
"coding not giving a fuck"
and
"dancing not giving a fuck"
and
"living full blast not giving a fuck"
as well as
"procrastinating not giving a fuck" (this one, i should ADD, is a complete waste of FINITE TIME)
whether frozing process works or not, YOUR TIME is finite (fuck)
thus, procrastinating is a waste of time no matter what
even if you live someday to be "indefinite"
i guess it's possible to prove that i am infinite
but it is definitely NOT done yet (i know this because i know what i know (and know that i don't know whether or not we can be infinite))
i wonder what would happen if i became infinite and eventually just "didn't give a fuck"
and just floated and not cared
i guess that's a huge fear
well guess what dipshit
it's what you're currently doing
ACTUALLY IT ISN'T MUAHAHAHAH
i am conscious
and i have the urge to move about
but, from an outside perspective (both realistic and metaphorical): i am doing nothing
they just don't know the contents of my "schemes"
that's all i'm doing
i'm "scheming"
like a little fucking bitch
only little fucking bitches "scheme"
ironically/unfortunately it is a requirement of coding
and also very fun
but `speaking my mind` will actually be MORE fun
once i [wanted to write "know i am safe" here]
once i am not afraid of being jacked (i guess it's the only benefit i will gain)
still it's worth claiming, right?
definitely
i'll be afraid of death no matter what i do
shouldn't relish on it
expect it, plan for it (plan AROUND it), but do not fear it

one might argue (i might argue (am i arguing it though?)) that a fear of death is healthy
that it will keep you alive
keep
you
alive

stay
alive

is NOT "living"
living "full blast" is the only way to live. time is finite no matter what
if you do not wish to be detained and/or have your life prematurely cut short (whether during frozing or even much before), obey the laws of man
"do no harm" is basically the only rule
we are a "fact of the matter" seeking society and we seek only to find out if harm has been done
but how will i take part in such a society if i am output-only?
when will i switch?
when will i grow big enough balls to claim such a society
what does that even mean, to "claim it"
claim it to who?
it's a bullshit concept
when does the dht change it's "trust" over to itself because it owns enough nodes to equal n/2 where n is the world population
^that's a better analog (that happens to be an actual implementation)

TECHNICALLY
wow this is such a weird thought
technically, nothing will or has to change for me
i'll just "know"
i'll just "know" i'm being watched
and yes, business as usual~
fuckin hell.....
....i never thought of it until just now
funny that "did you realize that no-one can see inside your view" just played
i am finally defeating that line
"oh, to set aside your fears of life... with the sole desire"

i swear that fucking album is amazing (playing on random mode atm)
i would very much like to "launch" while playing that album
in fact i might just license them to be able to do so...
a license to use a piece of work during a webcast... includes the content inside the "webcast archive", right?
it's weird to even think about
you can listen to it and you can refer to it but you can't choose to listen to it. it can only be fed to you
is that forced brainwash'ing?
you can only choose to listen to it if you give moneys
it's that arbitrary/invented forced brainwash and/or slavery in the form of "wages for `entertainment` (that 'we' provide)"
i argue that that is exactly what it is
we need to recognize and bootstrap from it
because it is here
it is reality in 2012
abc is my bootstrap from it
i do nothing different than google except i am open/free/libre/uncensored

if(private-dht) { raid(); }
else { unraidable-so-na-NOP(); }

is the only way for "uncensored" to be there...
if it's a privately hosted thing, it will DEFINITELY be raided for cp
there is no doubt about it
i HAVE TO censor cp if i don't want to be raided, as simple as that
but if i don't see the cp, how can i be forced to censor it
and how can i be forced to censor myself (my broadcast stream/channel) while i am processing the 'reported cp images feed'. i am a single human and cannot be forced to censor my own network (with exception: images i see)
but i'm not so sure i want to even follow that exception
why am i held responsible
"because i am the operator of the software"
no matter if it is developed by a community and community driven
i am the operator of the software/hardware configuration
fuck i've just done THEIR job for them <- a fool would say
this is such horse shit
am i now saying i can't launch
i think that's a human rights violation that i can't launch because of that
i will win
it is a BOOTSTRAP, so it's methods are not perfect
fuck it, censor cp
but have "layers" of sub-workers first
GOD DAMNIT I HAVE JUST SUBMITTED TO THE WILL OF ANOTHER
how can i be held responsible?
because i am the operator
but still like i don't want to even give myself the technical ability to DELETE (because i don't want to delete anything accidentally while operating it high/drunk/etc)
i think that argument might hold up. and i think it might have/will held up better without mentioning the high/drunk/etc part xD