so i've been thinking about my recent discovery
that passwords are finite.
aka pointless

they exist only in the brief span of existence that i happen to inhabit


my theory of the 'fake technology introduction' especially applies here

that everything could be APPEARED (faked) introduced etc


when in reality there are quantum computers already and my shit is cracked near-instantly
etc.


but moore's law guarantees my theory to be correct
so i guess it isn't a theory


anyways
back to the point of this article


it changes everything


how do i do d3fault?

how do i secure my moneys?


the instinctive choice is an ON-PERSON24x7/offline 'cert' (basically a giant non-human-memorized password)

certs scale with moore's law
passwords do not (brain can only memorize so much)

theory = proofed
fuck yea seeking.


definitely minddump'ing now
i mean it'd be stupid not to


ESPECIALLY since moore's law might catch up to that proofz while i'm still alive

in fact it most likely will

too lazy to do the math for it (but might in the future. curious as fuck)



d3fault: wat do




i mean the most important thing is making sure nothing gets deleted
secrecy etc is secondary


so not much is lost

but definitely some is lost

should i live in the now and use passwords anyways?


WHAT ABOUT BITCOIN?????

i can't store on my persons all my cash

one gunpoint robber and i'm broke.

(aside: how am i going to distribute my shit all over the glove (like buried in some random location) while being recorded 24x7?)


god damn this presents a lot of problems that i now have to apply to all my ideas

it doesn't affect them COMPLETELY (most are still doable i think?)
but it definitely affects them somewhat

unless i ignore my discovery and live in the now


i mean like choose a ridiculously long passphrase or something, idfk



a giant ass passphrase that signs shorter/temp'ish (still used for long'ish periods) keys that can be revoked (implies network coordintation. what if no network? no verify? it's just math anyways, we don't need network technically unless we get another half of the key (which would only need to be retrieved once anyways fml))



i just don't know anymore


it's like all my work for the past ~3+ years is up in the air all of the sudden



how does this apply to d3fault

how does a person say: "my brain is the key"


>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>???????????????????????


i don't know what the fuck is going on anymore


hardcopy offline decrypted copies are insecure as fuck
but my theory says _eventually_ hardcopy offline encrypted copies are insecure as fuck too....

wat do?

online encrypted copies
and online decryped copies
have the same implications


man wow what

i'm so glad i've convinced myself to do hardcopies (book)
maybe the subtitle should be: "passwords are bullshit"

minddump 0-23
passwords are bullshit

sounds good to me rofl


but i 
i
i

dunno

i guess my instinct is to be depressed
or something

and i'm REALLY fucking weirded out about the bitcoin thing

how the fuck am i going to secure my money???

bitcoin scales

but my password protecting my bitcoin keys does NOT scale

so what the fuck?

thumb drive up me bum (with giant ass master cert) honestly sounds the most secure....
ROFL.