the shameful items will still linger in my subconscious and i may inadvertently (especially if i'm TRYING to hide them) appear in trips, dreams, hypnosis... or just basic ass extraction (torture, brainwash, "reading" a person, etc)

fuck shame.

but what if it means i can no longer talk to certain individuals?
then so be it.

should have thought of that before doing said activities
an impossible request (well not impossible, but improbable)

look

what you're going for

what you're attempting

nobody ever said it would be easy
bliss/ecstacy

no mental cob webs
so to speak

no emotional baggage

lol psychonauts

but seriously, that's what i want. it's my 'goal'

so is it worth sacrificing a few relationships to bring me step[s] closer to my goal?

as i've already discussed (just by the sheer craziness of EVERYTHING, not just the shameful stuff), YES, it is very much worth it.

i am a pervert but i have self control (to a degree)
i will not rape, for example
that's enough self control imo

my target audience is the /b/tard
and what he will become / evolve into

'i know that feel bro' is a part of being a /b/tard

we do have emotion
but we suppress and analyze most of it

...or something (idfk)...

being able to look at ANYTHING without getting an upset stomach is a part of it
but i really don't know what i'm talking about anymore

BACK ON TRACK:
shame, embarrassing

eh i mean
i can think of some shit

but i also want to not care

AND
i want to have no shame

when making new material
or for _ANY_ past material

allowing myself to be shamed by _some_ past material might hinder my being shameless for new material
probably entirely subconsciously too... i wouldn't even know i was acting different

suck it up

apologize for it?
irrelevant.
if you think they'd want to hear it because it might heal the relationship, say it
if not, don't bother

don't say it to make yourself feel better
if you are saying it to make yourself feel better, you regret it, are shamed by it, and are apologizing to hopefully make yourself feel better

Bullshit.
your state of mind fucking sucks if that's the case. you probably should have shredded that piece instead~
though...

maybe NOT

because you'd still be shamed by it and it'd still linger in your subconscious
fml.


TOUGH
IT
OUT
PUSSY

to all those offended, know that you were picked at random
by offended i mean... involved in something embarrassing i did
or maybe i just wrote about you in an embarrassing way

who knows

i NEED to not care.
sorry, your involvement/embarrassment is worth less than my pursuit of mental bliss/ecstacy/truth