Now is now and it only ever passes once. Once gone, the same exact sequence of events and/or molecular combinations or whatever will, on an infinite scale, fall back into place (and so give the illusion of (to the thinker) infinite multiple universes that are all one in the same). That's all infinite multiple universe theory states: that given infinite time all things are guaranteed to repeat themselves eventually. There is no sense in even trying to prevent it as a human being. SOL. As we collapse (whether our universe or through mind death), all of our information (mind) is lost. We have to re-evolve and re-think it. I am very glad to have re-thought this. I am very happy to be in this moment at now.


I can call this (my entire indefinite life) like 3 whole seconds and the same 3 seconds occurs every like 10 seconds you know? On the scale of infinity there is no.... giving perspective like that. But the more important point is that there's a timeline that DOES NOT REPEAT. _THE_ time. Sure our universe might collapse and re-assemble the exact same x "years" later but that will be later on. Sure if you travel enough light"years" away from earth then you might find an exactly identical earth, but you are both in the same volume of space 3 dimensionally so you share the time unit.

GlobalTime(_THE_ time): never repeats
RelativeTime("bang instance" time, where the bang would be zero): repeats periodically and infinite times



So I am in one of them. Cool. I am one of them. Cool. Do what you feel/think will make you enjoy the _NOW_, because whatever it is, it is real. It is perceived real therefore it might as well be. That's my logic. Fuck formal logic.




Trying to figure out whether this is real is now deemed a complete fucking waste of time (interesting if someone else figures it out though). Assume it is real to save time. This is the now. Leik unixtiem.





Even if I am a simulation that ("whatever it is, it is real") still holds true. FUCK YEA I HAVE WON LOGICALLY. WON AGAINST... THE STUPID/FORGOTTEN VERSION OF MYSELF WHO UP TILL THIS POINT HAD STILL BEEN EVOLVING/THINKING. kthxbai