weird so now do i just code it? or do i think it over and make sure it's the right design
make sure it actually fucking works.

i was about to say i should just code it
but nay
i need to think on this one
it's a complicated design decision i'm about to make
need to be sure

need to also do it in dia
and the implementation needs to match

do not digress from this tangent any further
gfs-like scaling is a necessity

but the rpc generator is a necessity to make the gfs inter-communication
not really a necessity
but will help
wat do


i mean it's a relatively small segment of code to do
to do the rpc hypothetical
and then it's relatively straightforward abstracting of string data to make the rpc generator

i don't even think i need to make sure that it functions correctly... i just need to make sure that the observed generated code appears correct. and maybe at least compiles. what i'm saying is that i might get random ssl type errors that i can't solve. err i should probably solve them now as the gfs impl will definitely use them LMAO. ok so yes i definitely want to abstract them. so i don't have to copy/paste so much ssl shit especially. i'm fucking lazy, ya know?

but i do think i should get the design for GFS down in dia before proceeding with the rpc hypothetical
which means i just need to let the design that i finally just figured out stew in mah brain until i can confirm it
will probably be tonight as i sleep, as weird as that sounds...

so do gfs design in dia
or in a text file if it doesn't come out naturally in dia. it should.
and then finish up that "createBankAccount" rpc hypothetical
then do the generator
then USE the generator to implement the gfs impl

if all of the master <--> chunkserver <---> chunkserver communication is behind a LAN, it can perhaps be unencrypted?

the wt front-end <--> master and wt front-end <--> chunkserver communication definitely needs to be encrypted/authenticated (ssl), however

should i restrict each wt front-end in the sense of what it can do?
because if i don't then any front-end can do operations that simply do not make sense
since the wt front-ends will be outsourced, they can very easily be hacked to send authenticated bogus data

so long as they can reverse a binary
which anybody can

local wt front-ends solve this
but then i need massive bandwidth to here
early on
not sure if could scale that fast

how does that work?
each wt front-end has it's own internet port/company?
haproxy (where? safe to outsource?) round-robbins to each

and all of the wt front-ends point inward to a gigabit LAN cluster?
offsite backups will be stored at aunt robyn's for now
i can/should reward her/them for this eventually
why the fuck not?
but don't let them hold your data hostage


i guess that makes sense...
and it doesn't sound too hard to scale
it's just the cost of buying more bandwidth
which, if i'm getting that many users, should be*(?????) profitable
i actually do think it would be profitable before the 1 data line is used up
the 1 business line
before it drops connections
it might slow down, but it shouldn't drop connections before it is profitable
i am not sure if this is a fact

oh and slashdot effect pretty much just shits all over everything...
hah. my scaling idea sucks.

well i mean i guess what i'm trying to say is that i need to be ready for it
maybe like 3 business lines to the house

still under 5k probably quite easily
i do think i am going to ask friends if they want to invest
before i ask anybody in a more business manner
5k is nothing
and maybe i'll look at kick starter
nah i don't think this is kickstarter appropriate...
but maybe, if VC option/etc sounds shit. maybe just credit cards would work actually
go to BofA and say "i want to start up a business so i can pay your bills i owe you so can i have like 5k in cards?"
5k is like nothing to them especially when they know it's for a business and if you are able to convince them you will be profitable, you might be able to get some cards
if not there are always other credit card companies you can try... rofl
come to think of it i do think maxing out credit cards is a great idea. fuck friends they are too human
credit cards i can at least just not pay if my entire idea goes kerplunk

and i think there's EASILY 5k in credit between all the companies out there
rofl.
man this is so totally going to work
i might just survive the slashdot effect
but maybe not... who knows

i definitely need to scale in-house
buy a property etc
trust nobody