i put myself out there so that i can meet an exact replica of myself
someone to converse with
whether male or female
i'd imagine there's some of me in everyone~

an exact replica is an order of magnitude rarer than evolution

but 1 is still 1 is still 1

so does that mean i will definitely succeed if i put myself out there?
i do not know the answer to that, but i think it is a yes
agnostic yesism
or i guess denial
because now i'm thinking no
and i thought it was a no?
i dont' remember what i wrote
so i'll never know
rofl
but it definitely could be a yes.
but what do i actually think?
no.
no is what i think
so therefore i won't will it/look for it
but i also won't waste time looking for it/willing it
you can't look for a mirror because you define
a mirror of a define is a copy
so you could only ever see yourself
you must use your free will that is real
i believe in free will.
i am exercising it currnelty
but i am not using it to fullest potential
especially given infinite alternates
i think my dead
dad* has ripped my head off
and ha sprobably shot me with my own shotgun that he gave me.
lmfao. irony or *ghost music* symbolism
that is the question
i mean you're missing the point
yes there _ARE_ infinite combinations playing out.
but since you are a define, you are the mergent of all of them together into a [what appears to be] a singleton
so i urge you, noob face steven curtis wieler II, use your free will

signed,
d3fault

i did not intend to stop writing there but it is a good emphasis point thingo
you are steven
or d3fault
but they are not seaparate
you would be both if d3fault
but you can choose to call yourself whatever you want.
that is also part of your free will
whoop de do
still i do like d3fault a lot of a lot
not "because i can" (because that's what i was thinking), but: "because i want to"
which you can eventually transform into: because i am
why did you do [blah]. "because i am doing [blah]"
perfect shitty escape out of any question.
your response is a reference to the answer in which they ask, but without answering it at all.

for example:
"why did you murder bob?"
"because i am murdering bob"

actually any semi-smart lawywer could use that against you


wait hold on, maybe you're not smart enough yet to allow spoonerisms to slip by without fixing them. i do wish i had backspace recording fml


steven, can you procreate?
not that that matters
