I am a hacker.
feels good man
ever since i was a kid...

but now that I am
it doesn't even feel like it
ya know?
gotta like stop and think about just how fucking smart I've become

always thought it would be more....
idk....
fun?

I mean I do enjoy coding don't get me wrong
but it's not even remotely close to how they portray it in movies

it's all mental
if you were to watch a hacker,
he'd be orgasming in his brain
and you'd just be confused at what he's doing (unless he explained it as he went along... or if you were a h4x0r too)


I don't even remember when the transition occurred?
probably because it's gradual
learning is not an overnight task

and hacking is just advanced/devious programming... which has to be learned...

O LOL I ACCIDENTALLY AM AN HACKER
does feel good though
like a goal in life=
ACCOMPLISHED

i guess that counts as an accomplishment?
i never thought of that before just now....

considering all accomplishments are arbitrary
it's up to me
do i consider it?
NO.
rofl...


got use dem h4x first
you fucking procrastinating noob ass


but maybe your procastinating mentality is really just your 1337'ness coming out?
it is true and i agree and understand the saying: lazy programmers make great programmers
so maybe what some (including yourself) call procrastinating is really just you being smartly lazy??

hmm never thought of that either
maybe i can use it as a defense when my parents bitch at me for 'NOT SHOWING THEM THE MONEY -_-'
such simple minds.


I'm making a fucking software company from scratch -- alone -- and they want me to go apply at some fucking hamburger place... or Radio Shack... etc

Fuck off. Fuck off with your bullshit.
gah.

I guess I'm stressed

yea

because I need to earn money
it's not just want
it's a fucking need
will starve to death otherwise
[and also not have as much fun]

that and keeping a lid on my brilliance is becoming more and more challenging
especially with yesterday's facebook outbreak
jesus you're a fucking whore
you'll do well with fame.

stop saying jesus and god
they don't exist
take them out of your vocabulary

HOLY SHIT THAT WAS SO COOL

-_-
etc

blah blah blah

i want to cry when i think that there's a slight chance i won't even have to be frozen to be immortal... and yet my grandparents aren't even willing to freeze themselves and they're about to croak n shit

fucking christians.
the light is always darkest before the dawn
or something? (don't think that applies here)
nah but seriously
they're old fashioned
if i could override them, i would.


i can just see myself writing dat C++ while riding an rocket ship to blahblahblah and being sad that i was ~50 years too late to save my grandparents :(... perhaps even crying over it

we're so close i can feel it
well i mean not just feel it, i can see it
i can understand it
information explosion
feels good man

i'm on the computer wave
but i bet those mofos in biochem/etc are all like "WOO SURFS UP BROSKI" (so to speak)

i tried
i failed

what else is there?
oh yea try again :-P
meh.