Oh I remember the original line now, I got it wrong:
Since I could run an ILLUMINATI, I could run a revolution. And obviously as a side effect of both (I know how to write down my actions ;-P), I could run a government.

"Run=lead" for revolution


Illuminati actually sounds like an easier and more sure thing: I am a coder and so KNOW I could code what is required. I'm not much of a people person but I think I could bullshit it if I wanted to (I don't). I do have my doubts about my people skills (confident in a derp hackan show, but less confident in a political career (both are honestly unknown at this moment since I have attempted neither (and am only going to attempt hackan show))).


Life is bullshit and we are all doomed, might as well make a derp hackan show out of it for my own pleasure. It allows me to survive both financially and mentally (paranoia free). I can save myself for a finite period of time, that is what I must do first and foremost. Everyone trying to save everyone else does not work because then nobody is saved. Saved is boolean. Maybe they were close than they would have been, but they still have not made it and so are infinity away from being saved. I do not mean saved as in Jesus. Saved = finding your life fulfilling. Utter bliss. I see no evidence of any other human on the planet living in utter bliss (or perhaps they are just quiet (like I won't be)), not even evidence of myself as I sit here typing away in a chair. I have the potential to, but bleh have not yet.

The only thing we can ever accomplish is living a fulfilling finite life for ourselves. We can not be infinite because we'll always get bored and off ourselves. Eveee[inf]eentually.

I'm excited to be indefinite and able to jump whenever I grow tired (I expect hundreds of thousands of years at the very least). It is terrifying that I don't have frozing set up (have to pay for it and be signed up), but comforting to know it is available (and not that expensive) and that we can defrost a rabbit's liver.