Mom,
I love you.
But what is love? [baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more]
Love is a force, emerged out of nothing. It is the driving force behind all creation.
Whether you believe we were created by a god or from nothing, nobody disputes the existence of love.
These flowers... Bogan-vias... are material. They are worthless by comparison.
Love is a thought. An irrefutable thought. A thought that holds true for as long as you know existence.
Sure, an infant only loves their mother out of immaturity. They see her as the source of their nutrition, and love her for that reason alone.
But as we grow and become human, the love does not fade. It becomes stronger as we comprehend what love even is. What life even is.
Love is a torch passed on from generation to generation. I'm glad to have this light in my life. This reason for living. I have you to thank not only for my existence... but also my will to continue living.
You will die knowing love, as will I. But we will pass on the love that our ancestor's gave us. In this sense, we are immortal.
Evil dissipates at the face of love. Love is the force that will save us from a nucelar holocaust. Love lives on because of creatures such as yourself. In one sense, we can't live without it. In another, it can't live without us. You _ARE_ love. You _ARE_ the thought behind love. You _ARE_ immortal. No amount of evil can overcome love. At the very least, in some alternate universe, love _ALWAYS_ prevails.
I love you mom. The idea of moms, the idea of love, and the idea of life.


[remove=Without love, life isn't worth living. It is empty.
I am very fortunate to have a loving mother such as yourself.]




i am writing this to be sappy yet to express my true feelings.
I envision/hope Kaylee is there as it is read.
I will try to refrain from all eye-contact as my mother reads it (and probably cries)
Kaylee will certainly look towards me to see my reaction
I must remain emotionless

In this sense, I am a manipulator.
I am above average intelligence.


but is it so wrong?
the love I feel for Kaylee is geniuine
or so i believe
but believe is the same as genuine'ity



I picture her reading this someday
Hello, Kaylee. How's it going?
lol.