i learned a new skill today
in a sense
i yelled for the first time in as long as i can remember
not sure if it was skyrim's thu'um bullshit
or just how i've been wanting to prove to my dad that his yelling is stupid and driving us all insane more than lexi/caydon/... i would add kelsi to this list, but she yells too

i was talking with her calmly about how she's underpaying me for watching caydon etc
"i gave him to mom and gave her money, she said she'd talk to you about it"
we had already talked about it. she didn't want to meet my new rate, was unwilling to negotiate, so i told her to find a different sitter
saturday is my parent's night to go out, so dumping him on my mom was basically dumping him on me
a disagreement broke out, which was fine. she said i am not willing to talk about it. bullshit, she's reflecting.
anyways, she raised her voice at me and said "i don't have time to talk about this right now" or something (lol ironic)
so i just screamed/interrupted her: "SHUTUP" as loud i could
she was visibliy frightened and retreated both her voice and her persons
that's why i call it a new skill. it worked.
i guess it worked?
i IMMEDIATELY returned to my calm voice and said "see what yelling accomplishes?"

"you're dumb"
followed by "no YOU'RE dumb kelsi" seconds later as i was walking away


so the part that disturbed me was that i felt good doing it
not like rightous or any of that bullshit
but physically good
at that moment i got my adrenaline pumping like no other
i'm an adrenaline junky so it felt awesome
i know my body and i know my brain, being an avid drug user
i felt endorphins rushing through my blood

this is not a proper response
i can safely say i believe my father and sister are physically addicted to yelling.
i hope i never yell again...
... but i also kinda want to see if it would work on my dad
just one giant "SHUTUP"
i somehow doubt it, he's not afraid of me
my sister knows i could kick her ass however

still, the knowledge learned from my experiencing it could at the very least be shared with them
junkies.
they disgust me
my family? bah.
i'm proud to be family with my mom.. but my dad/sister? fuck that shit. disgrace.

i'm not proud to be family with myself. i am a terrible person. (<--tangent)






ffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuussssssssssssss thhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm