Micro (single "bang instance"): fearing death is rewarded because the animal "stays alive". The pre-programming instinctive fear of death is also rewarded for the same reason... in addition to being passed along genetically [to the surviving animals].

Macro: Since we are a product of infinite time (there may or may not be infinite space, but since our universe is exploding outward in a sphere, I can see how even if there is infinite 'space' that there is still finite (still a LOT for our puny human brains to comprehend) matter within it -- OR AT LEAST not nearly as much matter as there is 'infinite TIME') and infinite time is the ONLY prerequisite for infinite multiverse theory as well, infinite multiverse theory also holds true. We are just unable to test it -- and taking advantage of it is incredibly difficult for us as it is against our instincts and even valid logic (a rational fear of death).


From people's perspective, I will appear to be leaping forward and yelling with my sword drawn, full sprint. I will only take one, two, a few, etc... steps... until I am slain.


It is true that in the overwhelming vast majority of the universes (99.99999999999% repeating), you die. Unlike calculus, that does not mean that you die in 100% of the time. Since there is infinite time (a theory which I am taking a leap of faith (just like Christians (except mine is a LOGICAL leap of faith))), the same exact universe emerges over and over and over INFINITE TIMES as well until SURVIVAL bursts through at .0000000000000000000[repeating]1% of the universes.


Random metaphor: You (human form) are launching upward at the speed of light, vomitting and eating your vomit simultaneously. Not necessarily the speed of light as that's just an arbitrary speed... but you get the idea. Just a visual that pops into my head when I think about it. Probably more artistic than accurate.



You survive.


What is "you"?



Your conscience survives.


I make no guarantees about your body, your peers, or your environment.







This is a weird and gross maybe-contradiction that hurts my brain to even think about. I sat and stared into the mirror as I thought about this and I asked myself: what do I want?



Do I want to forge ahead selfishly? (Disregard my body and peers and environment)


On one hand: YES. It does not make sense for all of us to hold ourselves back for each other. We are (our peers, of which we are to others as well) then keeping ourselves back for one another........ TO NOBODY'S BENEFIT [except allegedly "everyone's"]. Since each person that "thinks and knows s/he exists" can do forging of their own (if they have the courage to do so (which I myself am having a hard time finding)), infinite time means that each person can do it without affecting the BURSTING THROUGH instance of another (you only affect their ones that do not (of which there are MANY)).

You live in drastically different periods of time -- you have no relative clock aside from "time from the big bang", but infinite multiverse theory deals with INFINITE duplicate universes all with their same "15 million years from the big bang is roughly 2013".

HOWEVER you have no idea which of the infinite "bang instances" is the one that BURST THROUGH. It is simply impossible (for now at least! (and possibly 'forever')) to calculate.

Two humans, human A and human B are both FORGING FORWARD in their respective universes.
Human A sees human B die early on (almost always -- though I'll get to two forgers meeting and the ridiculously low probability of that later on (I fantacized of Kaylee and I both forging and meeting. The problem is that you depend on HER forging environment (which only guarantees her *consciousness*, not environment (which is you)) not killing you off (you live on in your own -- where she likely dies etc. It is not a matter of will at this point, it is a matter of ridiculously crazy luck. OK BACK ON TOPIC)).


Human A sees Human B die when they are both 20. Between age 20 and 21, human A could have "used" 50 'bang instances'. In that in 49 of them he died off.
Human B sees Human A die when they are both 20. Between age 20 and 21, human B could have "used" 99999999999 'bang instances'. In that all but one die off.


They are both "21 years old" relative to their bang instance and life they have experienced.... BUT they are (15 billion x (99999999999-50)) _actual_ years apart ------ NOT EVEN INCLUDING THE HUUUUUGE GAPS OF "no life" in between bang instances. Bangs that are duds etc.


Time is infinite, I am quite certain of that (had: that fact). I have to place my certainty in it because I don't see "evolution" working without it.





So back to me staring at myself in the mirror: What do I want?


To forge ahead selfishly (JUSTIFIABLY -- WE ALL SHOULD [maybe? (hence the staring and this very document!)] DO IT)... or to throttle back and protect my environment. Family was the main concern. I could very easily see a corrupt politician going after my family in order to get to me. If I am in FORGING mode, then I am to disregard it and remain confident that they did not in fact go after that family member in an alternate universe (nothing can (or more appropriately: should(?????????????????????????????)) be down in this one). Forging ahead has the known consequences of slowly destroying YOUR environment. THIS INCLUDES YOUR CONSCIENCE'S VESSEL (YOUR BODY).



I envisioned myself floating in outer space with no remains of "earth" or peers and nothing but my brain in some machine that keeps it alive and allows it to express (lol but to who!?!? that's yet another question (but really it doesn't need to be to anyone as I have already proven to myself (the MAIN reason I am launching/going-verbatim is to document and make index-able/referable my every thought. Paranoia (which involves others) is up there too but is secondary))) thought and art and etc. Perhaps it will get very boring but that's besides the point: IT IS POSSIBLE [says infinite multiverse theory].




Oh and also I believe that there is no escaping the "big collapse" in any universe. If you make it to see it then you either got lucky or you did burst forward. You (I, right now) acknowledge, accept, and am OK with -- resetting AND DOING ALL OF THIS OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER INFINITELY. I _HAVE_ to forget in order for it to remain interesting.




But my emotions kick in (gah, so mushy and hard to understand) and I keep thinking about family etc.



ULTIMATELY it is the same fucking question I've been facing for a loooong time: balance.



You either are extremely paranoid/secure (synonyms) and you[r body and environment and peers] stay in tact for a long time. This might actually be the better option I HAVE NO FUCKING CLUE. Being able to bounce off peers and engage in that crazy motherfucking complex and amazing emotion of "love" is also possible if you still have peers around.




So I have it now.


I am confident in both.



I _CAN_ forge.
I _CAN_ hold back and try to be 'secure' (paranoia is a cost and quite frankly it's the tipping point it's starting to look like........... I UTTERLY REFUSE TO LIVE IN A PARANOID STATE SO REALLY I HAVE CONCLUDED BEFORE AND JUST REMEMBERED NOW WHILE WRITING THIS: I TEND TO CHOOSE FORGE (though I am by no means final on this [yet (possibly ever)]).


It is a matter of will. What will I choose to do?



Nobody forges.

Well that's not true.... but if someone to forge in my universe that isn't me... I'd see them take two steps and be slain.





ALSO it is impossible to prove that forging "works" because everything you've done to "survive" _REALLY_ far in your "forging" did NOTHING out of the ordinary. It did NOT break _ANY_ laws of physics so it can easily be dismissed as "luck" or "chance" etc.





So what will I choose?
What do I want?
What do I want with this life I have in front of me?



Getting to that fork in the road I think is the most important thing I've ever done.
I think it _IS_ understanding the "meaning of life" yada yada and including "the question" if you want to go all hitchiker's galaxy on my ass.



Forge, Secure, Balance.


Yes it is just two options..... but balance is just some middle ground between the other two... so it kind of makes it's own.


Finding the 'perfect' balancing point is MOTHERFUCKING IMPOSSIBLE.


I think that's what most humans (myself included) try to do.



It might be bad (while appearing good) that we do it: it might not be worth it in the end -- all that thinking and analyzing etc etc.
.....but maybe it's precisely what we should do!!!!!




That's just the fucking thing.



I am at the fork in the road and I am complete confused. I do not know which to take.


LIFE IS AT STAKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very Secure: Protects 'life' (because NOT confident that forging is possible) and environment -- diminishes enjoyment because of paranoia and always 'playing it safe'
Forging: Maximizes personal enjoyment at the cost of diminishing environment. No paranoia because whatever reason there is to be paranoid simply does not exist in another universe -- and that's the one you'll break on through too (fuck yea The Doors)



Paranoid/Secure: You must sacrifice the enjoyment of life to gain the enjoyment of life.

What
The
Fuck?



Forging: DITTO



OH
MY
MOTHERFUCKING
ZEUS
DID
I
JUST-













I don't know man, I don't know. It just blew my mind when I wrote that. It is true in different interpretations of "enjoyment of life".



BUT OK


So let's roll with this....
SINCE THEY BOTH CANCEL OUT
Take the one without paranoia.




It seems inhumane and I wouldn't hesitate for an instant to believe that others would label it as EVIL.

THE KEY IS TO ENCOURAGE OTHERS TO DO THE SAME!!!!!!!!!!!

I mean yea don't waste too much of your own time trying to teach/encourage them ;-).... but you should!! (My writing all this down is my attempt at that (this had been all stuck in my head for quite a few days and actually I was thinking about keeping it selfishly all to myself hahahahahah (because seriously.. it DOES look kind of evil. I fully admit that)))....... but since they are derivatives of you (you are all derivatives of the same '1' (existence))..... you're actually helping yourself by helping them (Random-ish, but to come full circle: EVEN IF IT MEANS THAT _YOU_ DIE IN THEIR PROCESS OF FORGING!!!!!).




My brain hurts but also feels so at peace sitting here at this fork in the road.




It is only NOW, while at that fork in the road, that it makes any sense at all to ask yourself: Well.... what do you want?




WHAT DO YOU WANT.... and then act appropriately.



You cannot aim for a balance between secure/forging if you do not have a goal!




SO YOU MUST ARBITRATE A GOAL AND THEN YOU HAVE A BASIS IN RELATIVITY/REALITY AND CAN THEN AIM FOR THE BALANCE YOU REQUIRE IN ORDER TO GAIN THAT GOAL.





This is where I sit and meditate. This is where I carve the asterisk into my forehead on the night of my launch. Anyone else with the same tattoo is a person who understands the dilemma and power of that fork in the road. I think I will know a friend instantly when I see someone else with it (though there will probably be plenty of wannabes).





SO I ASK MYSELF: WHAT DO I WANT?


As in: Steven Curtis Wieler II ---- ;-)



What does he want?



Love?
Easy, go more secure.

Bliss?
Forge.



But I am unable to answer the question and here I sit.



I want to know what I want.

I want something different (referring to my other article where I state that things that are 'different' are things that break the laws of physics).

Only after understanding that does the following make sense: I want to not want. I want to be content with what I have and to relish(right word?) and dance and flale and sing and be happy in all the (-1, 1) extremes of pain <--> pleasure. Hook it up to a PRNG that my brain doesn't see patterns in (modern day computers can already do this FUCK YEA) and perhaps I will be content.


But will it keep me content until the big collapse?
If not I can always blast myself (or maybe I can't, I have no fucking clue (if assisted suicide were legal then surely you could snuff out all instances)) and simply reset.



I really do worry that I eventually see existence as a jail.

But then, even if I do.... I don't always emerge into the variation where I have that opinion so it isn't even always true. I hope it does not become true in this existence.



Since there is both pleasure and pain then there is always relativity and so I should never get bored? I hope.

















Backtracking a bit: is not love bliss?
I guess I meant mental and self reliant bliss. Perhaps there is no such thing! Perhaps we need love in order to not eventually hate our own existence.

But then the devil's advocate comes up in here and wrecks your shit: maybe love gets boring too (especially with emphasis on just a single person (remember that I am talking in terms of indefinence (staying in love for a measily 100 years doesn't sound too hard tbh))). The counter to that: multiple partners and love for everyone. Infinite variations (keep breeding (except err maybe not because population limit might need to be enforced (otherwise we bring something equivalent to 'big collapse' except by means of resource exhaustion))) would certainly stir things up a bit. MIGHT be interesting enough. But then a counter to that counter: always looking for someone different (breaking laws of physics etc). There aren't people that are THAT different (I, in fact, feel very..... one-ular right about now... I do not feel unique or special in any way (even though I know I am smarter than a vast majority of humans alive today (big freaking whoop I'm smarter than a retard)))... so maybe even all this love and crazy accepted polygamy even gets boring!?!?!?!?!?!?!?


Every direction could lead to boredome really. Good thing we reset.



I want to be dogpiled by warm and loving female bodies. I want to sleep in/under them. It is not a sexual thing. I feel alone and empty and I punch myself in the face for what I subject myself to (silence and sitting alone).














SO
WHAT
DO
I
CHOOSE


damnit
I keep forgetting
DON'T CHOOSE
Be content.


Wait, what?


Makes no sense!!!!!!!!


That means my computerized-PRNG-pain-pleasure machine is now my 'goal'.... and I should then find the balance between secure/forge in order to attain that.

(there is also my goal of launching haha fuck paranoia and also +1 for being able to refer to every single thought!)

Ok SUUURE once I get there then I'm back to square one and at the fork in the road again...... but then......
....... wait no there is no but then.......

But then......
but then time keeps on ticking!


SO YOU HAVE TO EITHER BE SECURE OR FORGING
and when you are hooked up to that machine... you are....
_I_
_DON'T_
_KNOW_


perhaps I am meant to figure that out only once I am there?


I think I am tripping over some logic here perhaps.



Not wanting because there is nothing different to want... means you stay undecided between secure/forging. THEN WHAT?

I really don't know what state to call that. I don't know if it would be classified as secure or forging ... or shit maybe it is the perfect balance I seek?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

It does not APPEAR to be the perfect balance....... it in fact appears to be NOTHING AT ALL. WHICH IS WHY MAYBE IT IS THE PERFECT BALANCE IN DISGUISE???????????????????????

No fucking clue.



This is such a cool fucking document. I want (<-- haha!) to share it.







You must remember that forging is goal oriented as well. "Personal enjoyment" is the default human goal for just about everyone. It takes a boat load of will to even attempt to say "I want nothing" and to understand what you are saying when you say it (because there is nothing DIFFERENT!!!!!).




When you arrive at the fork in the road you carry the same amount of secure-paranoia/forge-bravery-courage as you did when you arrived there. Only when you set a goal can you recalibrate it.


So what the fuck Steven Curtis Wieler II?

How will you pursue the goal of 'launch' and 'PRNG-pain-pleasure-machine'? Secure-paranoidly... or Forge-bravely?







HONESTLY, I am using my human intuition as I am RIGHT THIS VERY MOMENT (well, these weeks I am in) running LifeShaper over all my documents. I am using my ability to analyze a situation and to choose the right amount of balance that I see fit. I am definitely not forging but I am definitely not being paranoid secure. I am witnessing a balancing act during this LifeShaper execution.

Interesting. Very fucking interesting.


So I have already answered it! Without even knowing it!
Aha!

I am balancing! Maybe I'm doing a shit job at it... but I am doing it none-the-less!




d3fault, random task feeder, todo list processor, art recorder and art category suggester, knowledge bombardment feeding, knowledge tangent unlimited pursuit at will, knowledge tangent unlimited ELABORATE at will, pain giver, pleasure giver, drug (upper) giver, drug (downer) giver, drug (etc) giver, force soberer upper, force detach from machine (preferably also while sober forcing, but they don't always have to overlap) just as human body so as not to forget (can still be recorded in the third person -- since i never want to go offline IN THAT SENSE)


code live dance die