tiny ass speakers hooked up beneath your keys. a different "inaudible tone" for each. a recording + transmitting device in the room. ez hardware keylogger gg. couldn't they also be powered by the friction generated while pressing the keys down? the "transmitting" becomes a problem at that point. can't i just bum off the power of the keyboard, yesh. lol pun.

i am living through the birth of computing
if i say 180,000 , they'll believe it
because i'm a god
they have nothing else to look forward to
so anything resembling even a slight coincidence is
THERE ISN'T ENOUGH ROOM IN THIS INTELLECTUAL BUBBLE
for every human to exist / thrive
"patents" and "copyright" take up the overwhelming vast majority of it
there aren't even that many "revolutions" left
got one woot. pointless = yes but fuck it might as well
the discussion of lgpl content creation (and the doing so of it)
is all by-sa
as are designs + associated thoughts (all of which fall under the category of "software plans" (all? (definitely a lot))) + etc


libel and slander are pretty much "lying". i think "lying" should be allowed. "harm done to economy" (private businesses, corporate contracts, ANY part of the economy) does not overrule freedom of speech. freedom of speech has a much more important meaning in that it allows a human being to live. fuck "anit-lying laws", "intellectual property", and copyright as a whole.


I don't think it's the economy's fault. I think we are just a really really stupid species.



I have decided that I will run for


and then i stopped typing and thought heavily on whether or not I should continue typing.


I was deciding whether or not to continue writing or to backspace the whole line (forever)


Isn't that a clear indicator of paranoia?
I am afraid of my own actions. I am afraid of my own thoughts.
Because in reality 2012, both can get you killed. Fact.


Infinite multiverse theory comes into play?
It both does and doesn't


SPEAKING OF WHICH: i am turning off input of all kinds (except the music i have already downloaded) because I have been seeing way to many references lately. Way too many suspicious as fuck references. I think that when future looks back at now this point in time will show a significant increase in the "coincidences" between bullshit on sites i may or may not see. I am fucking paranoid of the internet 1.0, and with good reason: I understand it. Hence why I think that the "software giants" before me (namely just Google, Microsoft, and Apple at this point _R__O__F__L_. I am going to be "one of the first". HOnored. Err happy? I cherish my position in the human/software transitonary (originally had written transitory) period of time. Lucky I guess? Yea... a fucking shit ton of luck. Cosmic jackpot isn't far off. LEADS ME TO HAVE _HIGHER_THAN_USUAL_ paranoia and/or belief-in infinite multiple universe theory


i am also terrified of death because i understand what it is too

"local variable going out of scope" (originally just had "going out of scope" here, but this helps with ambiguity)
delete m_Member;