Sociopathy is easy to perform, easy to get away with, and provides both short and long term benefits. I want (had:wish) to have a clear conscience (better [lucid] dreams follow), which is why I'll not partake in it (OT: sociopathy has risk/reward similar to theft, but is legal). However, to succeed in politics (which is necessary to [attempt to] fix the system) you must be a [successful] sociopath.

So must I be a bad person (sociopath... which I know I'm capable of) in order to be a good person (fix the system)? It's starting to sound like yes.

It's a matter of "for me" vs. "for the people". I want to be a good person and have a clear conscience, but that is "for me" and does not benefit the people. Sociopathy ("for the people") is the only way to obtain the power that is prerequisite to [attempting to] fixing the sytem.


Perhaps the problem is unsolvable for the time being, or unsolvable in this [big bang] "instance". Not all problems are solvable. As a simple example of an unsolvable problem: How do you retrieve words written on a piece of paper that was burned to ashes? Another: How can you travel backwards in time? Maybe fixing the system is simply impossible. I know it's logically possible to design a system much better, but the problem of transitioning may be unsolvable. We are primitive and unintelligent species when we erect government, and maybe once that happens it becomes unsolvable. Government is surely necessary (we jolly well can't have murderers roaming about), but the ones erected during the evolution of a newly emergent species tend to be (are almost always) pieces of shit. Still they grow and grow because it's waaaaaaaay easier to give-in/go-with-the-flow, and they become enormous and defensive and strike down (so I guess offensive?) any would-be competitors on sight (regardless of whether they are bad/good).

Maybe I should colonize the moon/mars and try to erect the system from scratch THERE. Meh, USA is the "known universe"'s police and wouldn't fucking allow it. They'd call me a terrorist and nuke me without a doubt. Inescapable, unfixable, life.