i like that i can still pound the keyboard. i am/was (well, haven't launched yet...) afraid that once i have/had an audience that i'd tune/modify/censor myself for them. hell, i might already be [subconsciously]. fuck.


still, i think i do a relatively good job of just letting it flow. let it flow, let yourself go, slow and low, that is the tempo.

perhaps it's from practice
perhaps i've reached a nice state of apathy [that i wasn't in before starting writing]

perhaps the practice has gotten me into that state of apathy



i hope i can stay here once i know i am being read in realtime
each keystroke instantly entering hundo/thouso/millo(???) brains within seconds
weird thought but supposedly going to happen~
BY-SA fuuuuuck youuuuuuuu paranoia



i hope i don't get a sense of 'obligation' to make sense and be PC etc....


fuck niggers.




'freedom of speech' vs. 'not getting shot'


hmmm.......





cognitive dissonance





stay underground in secure bunker = say whatever the fuck you want
go out and about (even if you're still 'in the wilderness') = perhaps you should censor yourself
CENSOR
censor
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK


suddenly i don't want to launch.
wat do.



how can i have the combinations of everytyhing????



everything contradicts itself


sacrifices MUST be made

yes you don't WANT to
but that means jack diddly shit.




WAT
DO



idfk.




i am not a free being
i am not 100%
if i have to censor myself

perhaps my thoughts are more vulgar?????
and i stop myself mid-thought
then i am not 100%'ing
i am not free
i am not minddumping


WAT
DO



FUCK YOU
world

brains
judgers
others

irrational
jealous
'offended'


FUCK OFF
mind your own business
words are just words
they mean fuck all

.....of course except software because THAT SHIT CAN CONTROL ROBOTS [among other things].....

and robots can shoot you in the motherfucking face


so words are NOT harmless

....but insults are, i would argue

the vast majority of words and phrases are meaningless/harmless

PC fags get butthurt and cry and shit
fuck off.



sometimes i wish i was alone on this earth

animals or not
just freedom of space


but then there would probably be nothing to do


not necessarily~~~~

but eh, you'd definitely be a lot more stupid


an empty world to dance and code on
animals or not
but humans definitely not

would be: I.D.F.K.

sure it SOUNDS nice
'grass is always greener'

but in reality it might be a total fucking bore



do i need an audience?

i claim it's so i am not spied on....
but is that necessarily true???


WHAT AM I WRITING THIS DOWN FOR?
because it 'helps me remember it'???
and so i can 'refer to it' ????


those are both true, but after i am dead and there are no other humans.... then it is worthless.


it is definitely already worthless if you factor in the univeral collapse


what... is.... the point.... of organizing data....
if it will all just become unorganized again?


i guess just for short term bliss
that real thing
OOOO that 'eu' word i was looking for
is really: endorphins
endorphins FEEL good
what is feel?
"i know that feel bro" is big on /b/ right now...


but really... it is hard to understand
it feels real, therefore it is

endorphins FEEL good
so organize your brain and thoughts and environment in order to make your brain FEEL good
release endorphins
mental orgasm is the meaning of life

rinse, repeat

die over and over
be born over and over

sad and meaningless
but unfortunately true~



CAN WE ESCAPE THE COLLAPSE??????????????????????????????????????????
i doubt it.