it's 4:30am and i'm tired. i hate this 'cycle period'
i go to sleep now and i'll wake up JUST BEFORE my parents get home
the time that they're home until they go to sleep is my least productive time
it even takes me a while after they've gone to sleep before i can dive into coding [for some reason]

and by the time that's happened, it's just about time for me to go to sleep again. so when do i code? when do i become productive?

add to that caydon will be here in a few hours and i don't like being asleep when he's here in the morning. i like to play with him :(.



i feel bad for this, but my preferred pattern is: wake up right when parents go to sleep, go to sleep right before they get home from school

the only downside is i tend to miss dinner
ok there are two downsides
actually 1 and a half. my dad's annoying the vast majority of the time~
i don't get to see my mom that much

still i think my productivity is more important than seeing them and eating dinner [with them]

goddamnit i hate the subject of food
are my parents trying to starve me out?
are we REALLY that broke?
is it my parents' "diet" ????

this is bullshit. there's hardly any GOOD food
there's always SURVIVAL FOOD...
...but shit, it seemed like just a few years ago there was always something good to eat
i didn't dread my next meal
like idk
i'm in no place to complain compared to starving children in africa
but fuck i eat so many meals that are just "bread and peanut butter" or "bread and butter"... or just a fucking banana...
it makes me feel shit. i want to pig out like a fucking gluton. i want steak and bacon and candy.

tbh i think they're trying to 'starve' (in the sense of... NOT REWARDING) me out
i'm not sure though
i feel like we're poor
but i did the math: we have enough money
and they even pay OVER what they should on the house payment
fucking bullshit. buy some more quality food instead ass niggers
but see? i can't say anything because their response will always be: get a job


fuuuuuuuuuuuck i can't
i really think i'm unhireable. after how i've made such a fool of myself on the internet especially. then again d3fault != me
err, yes it is
but d3fault != steven
if they search steven my being an asshole as d3fault won't come up
still, i feel unhireable
and i don't even want a job
i mean shit, i do
but i don't also

jobs are so distracting. i'd never get any work done.
you come home from a job and you just want to be in that state of relaxed
and since you have a job, you have limited hours to be home, and you only ever want to be in that state of relaxed
hence, no time for creativity (or productivity)
coding especially takes a lot out of you
lot of mental energy goes into it

and then what if i'm at my job and i come up with some shit i need to write down ASEP????
can't because i'm making $5/hour flipping fucking burgers or washing fucking tables
and my parents actually think that's PRODUCTIVE?
fucking idiots.

to be surrounded by idiots, and to KNOW you're surrounded by idiots, is painful
gah i need to stop bashing my parents. they pay for my existence and brought me into this world... and love me even though they are irrational fools