America is so free that it allows employers to restrict the freedom of their employees. Fascism is the control of the majority by a minority. Analyze those two sentences together. Employers control their employees, even while not at work, through the following vague... errr....... EVIL: "we reserve the right to terminate the contract at any time for any reason or no reason" (something along those lines... almost every work contract has it). Since it is illegal to fire an employee for certain reasons, simply not giving a reason (or lying/ambiguating etc) is sufficient.

New subject:
Another perfect analogy to life: Life is a man tripping balls writing frantically his perfect understanding and the ultimate experience on his computer with the monitor turned off (to help with concentrating I guess). After countless hours of typing away at the computer, he turns his computer on only to see that he did not in fact have notepad open. Un-analogy'ing: all of this will be lost. It is pointless. All of everything will be lost. Guaranteed. I used to be in denial of it and I still to this day theorize that maybe the big collapse can be escaped and true immortality achieved (but there is still the boredom issue and choosing to reset to make things interesting again), but I've learned to accept it... even though it pains me. It is a part of life. Death is a part of life. Without it there cannot be appreciation. Not only have I had that analogy situation happen to me many times (fucking raged each time), but it does fit quite nicely. I have to (or had to :-P), appreciate the time that the thoughts were occuring! That being said I still do find value in _this_ (and others) writing BECAUSE: there are 6.9999 billion other people on the planet that can read, learn from, and help improve this world while I am alive. Collaboration is real and it can help me achieve greater pleasure during my time alive. I mean that and of course the usual "so I can refer to it later" schpiel (even if that doesn't include a trillion years from now (trillion chosen at random because we'd probably have collapsed by then or I'd have offed myself by then -- but who knows I am open to defying it)). The lack of paranoia and the fact that speech is not copyrighted unless afixed to a medium (so stolen/recorded speech can be 'jacked'...... LEGALLY) definitely also factors in. So many reasons lol and here I go repeating myself again :). To clarify though: it is not paranoia of death (which I have recently defeated), it is only paranoia of jacked/spied-on/etc. Fuck the police and fuck the NSA and fuck you (hacker).

New subject:
I have felt fingers. I have used my rig. It was in a dream but it was real enough that I count it. It was different from my spring-loaded-string-attached-to-linear-potentiometer hacky-as-fuck-but-so-long-as-it-works method, but it was more or less the same thing in that it measured finger positions lol. So fucking basic gg. In the dream it was black mesh/spandex gloves all over my hands (I don't want to use gloves in my actual implementation so idk why it was like that in my dream (I don't want to use gloves because I still want to be able to use my hands normally... and I still want to be able to touch things and feel their texture with my fingertips)), and at the tip of each fingertip right smack in the middle of each was some sort of round pushbutton that kind of vibrated as I pushed it. I think it had digital feedback (1/0) but really I am unsure and it might have been analog (vibration feedback increasing as finger position moves towards more curl (hell that's a damn good idea to begin with :-D (and the fact that it came out of a dream would be lol worthy))). Either way definitely some kind of vibration feedback. I remember feeling the wires on the inside of the glove as they went down my palm and into my wrist. It felt so incredibly real and even the software (fuck yea Arduino) behind it was fully comprehended during those few seconds in my dream that I was using them, that I consider it to be real. In the same sense that real life, a dream, and a drug trip... are all sometimes indistinguishable. It was real enough. On one hand I'm like "meh I popped my cherry" (still looking forward to it IN REAL FUCKING LIFE (whatever that is and however it's different from the other two -- I think I know but meh can't give you or myself any solid logic to differentiate them (nor can you, go fuck yourself))) and am kinda sad now in the lol kind of way. Kind of like losing your virginity: only once. BUT ON THE OTHER HAND: omfg why have I not implemented them yet and why the fuck am I not using those fuckers 24/7/365/death. I know the answer to that already though so don't go into a depressing rant about how fucking slow you/I am (never know whether to refer to myself in the 3rd person or not anymore :-P (pretty dumb but fun to do 3rd person tbh (damnit, by adding "but fun" to that sentence I am still at a 50/50 split (it does not matter though and first person is more accurate so...............)))).