You cannot x when you are y.

Here are some x/y combos:
find pleasure, in pain
get rich, in debt
find/summon creative thought, working towards a goal
utilize your free time (the key to enjoying life), working and sleeping for 66.66% of your life -- (you tend to want to "do nothing"/relax with your free time)
objectively analyze yourself, yourself -- my denial is arguing this one as i'm typing it (but BY DEFINITION, "objective" it is not! that i am myself means i am DEFINITELY subjective)

there are literally a million combinations [and i had a lot more to write when i first thought it up]

and it is an observation of the human mind really...

that we ARE IN THAT MODE OF........ "zoomed in"
focusing JUST ON ONE THING (generally, though we can still jump around to multiple tasks... there can only be one "most important") is our demise
or something

we need to like step back
or abstract it
or something
man this isn't coming out nearly as good as when i was thinking it...


the fact that we use such a goal oriented system, to begin with (ignoring the fact that it is probably getting in the way of something more important), is POINTLESS
it's how we waste our lives away. it's how we cure boredom. it is how we get a sense of self worth. it is how we create meaning. it is how we pass time.

can't we just sit back and realize it's all fucking bullshit and just relax and be peaceful and chill out and shit?
fuck goals. nothing lasts. ever.



i know for sure that i can't.



i know for sure that the boredom would be overwhelming.



i don't know if i'm doubling back on what i just said or admitting to cognitive dissonance.




oh shit i already said it: you cannot summon creative thought when you are working towards a goal
the whole "you cannot x when you are y", when set to ANY TWO VARIABLES, always satisfies the condition "working towards a goal".


so sure it's fair to say we shouldn't NEVER have goals... but we should from time to time... have none.
your goals should only be thought up when you are without goal. they should be arbitrary as fuck. there are far too many derivative goals in this world. too many normal people with their fucking normal ass ideas all wanting normal ass goals (get rich, get laid, get famous, get power). I'm surrounded by fucking morons.


The asterisk is the key: through will we can do anything.

I stared in the mirror that day and kept asking myself: "what do I want"
I was searching FOR a goal.
So my goal was to find a goal.

Should a goal be searched for, or should it just "pop up" [in creative thought (tripping fucking balls etc yo)]?
I'm leaning towards the first... but if you go into the blind creative thought with the intention of getting a goal out of it eventually, then you still have one even if you don't set any sort of requirement on what it is.

Perhaps that is the meaning of life: the goal to find a goal. Always infinitely forever chasing itself.

It is by accident and also consumes many human being's lives. Only through understanding and will can we undo that default state.


To be content with nothing. To be content with everything. We have both and even neither (also one or the other) simultaneously. We are infinity.


I asked myself a few minutes ago: "what if I'm just singular?"

The question seemed absurd. It is trying to answer that unanswerable question but from a different perspective. It's not now: "what if I am infinite and infinite multiverse theory is true and what implications does that have yada yada yada". It, from a train heading a different direction, became just about Steven right Now.


What if he is singular?
Preposterous.
There is infinite time.
There has to be.
I don't see life emerging without it. Infeasible (though POSSIBLE in the strictest sense (shutup)).
Since I am nothing special, since I don't break any laws of physics, since there is very likely infinite time because life needs a metric fucking shit ton of it in order to emerge (and the concept of a beginning and an end to time does not make any fucking sense to me)... there are probably at least two of me. I am only quite certain (still not solid fact hahahahaha "i think therefore bullshit") that there is at least one of me... but I think there are probably at least two of me. And since there can be one of me and there can be two of me (not breaking any laws of physics), there are PROBABLY infinite of me.


Still the implications remain difficult as fuck to harness. They are so powerful (I can never die (except for big collapse))... and yet you have to risk the only thing valuable to you (your life) in order to TEST it.

It is an impossible question. Hell even the question of "where did existence come from" MIGHT be solve-able... but this one I don't think has a solution. Just don't linger on it too long.... because tick tock motherfucker. I'll probably linger on this question for the rest of my life... which brings me to:
If you are fearlessly forging HARD ENOUGH for LONG ENOUGH, you can gain a sense of relative certainty in the implications. Hell even 3rd party observers can too (helps if you are documenting it well like I plan to do). There is never certainty... but you can get to like 99.999999% confidence eventually I suppose.

The first... idk... 0-15% of certainty is the most..................... scary/dangerous/risky?
See I don't know that the word risky is involved. It either is or it isn't. That is the entire dilemma.


There definitely are micro risks... but with infinite multiverse theory being true, there are no macro risks. All micro risks simply do not exist in some other universe [that also has you in it].


You do have to die.... but you don't have to be dead.


The 5 minutes before you die would be weird. I would probably shit a brick and start disclaiming my theory etc. Then bam shot in the head and ???????????????????????
Theory: I wake up from a nightmare in another universe
Another theory: I go about my day as if nothing happened in another universe

The "jump" to that universe is hard to grasp I admit.
There is no "jump" in the literal sense. That conscience DOES die. Death DOES come to it.
It's just that since there are infinite variations, another EXACT FUCKING REPLICA (WHICH _IS_ ME BECAUSE I _AM_ AN OPERATING SYSTEM (conscience) _ON_ FUCKING HARDWARE (body/brain) AND EACH INSTANCE OF THAT OPERATING SYSTEM FUNCTIONING AND WRITING _THIS_ RIGHT NOW (INFINITE PROBABLY (BUT AT LEAST ONE) OF THEM) IS ME SO LONG AS THERE IS A BITWISE MATCH OF THE OPERATING SYSTEM STATE. WITH INFINITE TIME, THERE ARE GUARANTEED TO BE INFINITE REPLICA OPERATING SYSTEM BIT STATES) lives on because whoever/whatever killed me in that one/many universe will eventually not be in one/many of the other universes (of which there are infinite).


So micro I do fear my own death --- EVEN AFTER WRITING ALL OF THE ABOVE. But macro logic tells me not to. It says do whatever you want (do no harm (otherwise you'll be snuffed out by the good. The good are [almost] always the majority)) and do not fear the consequences [FROM THE BAD].

The politicians. Fuck the corporations. YOU CAN KILL ME IN THIS INSTANCE... BUT IN ANOTHER ONE YOU DON'T EXIST.


That first step. It's like that Indiana Jones shit walking out onto thin air.



Maybe that's what I, Steven, am here to do? To show my peers that it is possible.

(Still there will be tons of universes where I fall down seemingly at that first step haha).




On the plus side, I've managed to bring down my fear of death quite a bit lately. I see myself more as a "thing" than a "person". I mean... all this talk about infinite etc has really made me fear it a bit less. I know that, whatever happens, I _CAN_ re-emerge. I know that becase I have already emerged [at least] once. I do not break any laws of physics.


But eh I flip flop on the subject depending on context: I still do fear death immensely.

I am programmed to.



I understand that now.



I'm just.... now.... carefully and THOROUGHLY... analyzing if I should, through will, undo that programming. It was coded into my DNA by micro evolution. Macro infinite universe theory says I don't need it. Infinite universe theory is seeming (had:looking) mighty logically sound (just like my own existence).




Do I do, or do I bitch out?


I guess technically I do both ;-)

But what about "this" one?

It's weird that "this" one does both!


What I guess I mean to ask is: which one do I prefer to live in?

...or (equally)...

which one do I prefer to die in?





The genius of existence said: I would rather die testing a theory than sitting around doing nothing.



HOLY FUCKING SHIT


THE HUGEST CONTRADICTION I JUST _BARELY_ WRAPPED MY MIND AROUND IN THAT STATEMENT




HOLY FUCKING SHIT
(OK NOT HOLY BUT YOU GET IT)
very important

i need to stare at that bitch some more, see if I can grab onto it




We are testing theory? We are all only theoretically alive? You cannot "do nothing" because then you do not exist?
I mean going back in time to big bang (or before) type shit now.. not just steven/forging-from-here.
Meh I am failing at extracting what I was on about.


"I would rather die doing something than live doing nothing"


THERE
IT IS
FUCK YEA


In order to do something, we have to be able to die.
If you want to live forever, you have to do nothing.


SO THAT IS THE BASIS OF OUR....... existence/life (which?)....

We are atoms doing something. We die... but the alternative is to do nothing. Fuck that shit.



Or maybe I'm onto nothing and this is just stupid. I'm pretty lost in thought to be honest.




So our atoms are already forging... but our consciences are not?


Am I do I need to be the first to do it?


I can't get a peon/peer to do it because if he died within 5 seconds that wouldn't be proof that it didn't work. I need to do it to prove (only with relative certainty) that it works.


BUT I FEAR DEATH OH SO MUCH MORE THAN ANYTHING BECAUSE IT IS MY FEAR OF DEATH THAT KEEPS ME ALIVE [doing nothing].






Considering everything is arbitrary anyways, just what the fuck do you even want to do that requires/utilizes forging?


I mean I guess just like launch/fingers/IMPROVE-THE-FUCKING-WORLD-A-LOT-WHICH-WILL-UPSET-CORRUPT-POLITICIANS-AND-MEDIA-CORPORATIONS-ETC.....
......

.....
which I can do all privately but I do not wish to live with paranoia over my head either so shouldn't be.


Those goals are stupid easy.

Wasn't I on about not having goals?

Yea... once I'm there. I am not satisfied with my current life. It needs improving before I can chill and relax. Famous last words etc he spends the rest of his life "improving his life so he can relax" etc -_-.



My instincts.... my DNA.... and even trillions of anecdotal pieces of evidence....... all tell me to fear death.
Logic tells me not to.


WAT DO?



I actually do trust logic.
I do trust it more than just about anything.
Can't trust people... can't trust myself... but can trust a piece of logic that has been analyzed thoroughly. Logic is an abstract language discovered (had:invented) by every emerging life form.


All my english words are rubbish to aliens (who are also me btw ;-P)... but the logic holds true anywhere you take it.



Random/OT: Alien communication (alien 2 alien communication) may seem like white noise to us... or vice versa. We'll likely need converters to be able to communicate. I don't just mean that it will sound like a forgeign language (though it will that too)... but the rate at which it is presented. The scale of their relative time. Other factors. Might make it seem like chaos/nothing to us.


Fixing the above:
Micro logic tells me to.
Macro logic tells me not to.


THAT is why it's so hard (impossible) to decide on.

...........AND HE SITS THERE STARING AT THE FORK IN THE ROAD UNTIL THE GIANT COLLAPSE AND WASTES HIS ENTIRE FUCKING LIFE.........


When the only thing you trust is logic and the logic soundly gives you two opposing answers...... WHAT THE FUCK IS A MAN TO DO?



It may be because both answers are right.


So I have to, THROUGH UNDERSTANDING AND WILL, activate the other half of the logic. Because it is the better truth to be in. A fear of death dampers the quality of life itself. Fuck paranoia. I know all too well how it eats away at your brain.



However, because I am cautious by default (programmed to be that way), I ponder if the activating of the other logic will result in my death.

Before taking that first step, I analyze it thoroughly (had: to death). It is the fear of death that makes me do it to begin with. Isn't that some sort of bias there????? Or is it just logical "proceeding forward" operating procedure?


I keep pounding the keyboard expecting logic to answer it for me. Now I realize that logic takes me both ways and there is never certainty (lol Wilfred).



Re: fork in road
Bliss is too vague (had:ambigious) a goal anyawys. Stupid.

Even love is quite vague (though less).

Only with specific goals can you attempt to find that balance between paranoia/forge






I keep typing and typing and typing........ but there is only one thing for me to do. There is only one thing I can do... because the alternative is: do nothing.
The one thing for me to do: TAKE THE STEP INTO THIN AIR.
Yes I am afraid of it.
But I refuse to sit here and stare at the decision for the rest of my days...
...and I refuse to do nothing.

I am [probably] already still alive because infinite multiverse theory is true. I just see it less because I take less risks (fear of death).


I do love my family/friends/peers. I do love "the good".
This emotional connection -- WHATEVER THE FUCK THAT IS -- makes me not want to forge.
However then I just feel stupid. I throttled back because
BLAH
because BLAH

My writings will remain if I should die, and perhaps inspire/encourage another one of me to try it.

What am I on about?

Implications implications implications, shut the fuck up and live already.