Since I _AM_ not anyone yet.
Since I want to win a brunette.
Since I can easily program my brain.
I should will myself into being "nice".
Genuinely, because I can.
I should also speak with perfect grammar, and not use insults or speak in a vulgar tongue.
How long will this stick? Who knows. But I want to try it on. To see if I really can "will" it that easily (I believe I can. It's a matter of acting until you get so used to it that it's permanent) and to see if I can do it without sacrificing "who I am" even the tiniest bit. That's what the question I was asking earlier boils down to. Who am I? Who do I want to be? Prince Fucking Charming? Ohhh shit I did it again/already. lmfao. Yea fuck that. Cussing is my natural form. At least by habit at this point. Fuck it, nobody is hurt from swear words. "Swear words". "Censored words". Difference? Suck my dick. <- That is not a cuss word strictly but it is still "vulgar".


Kaylee might say I am a "funny asshole", but I think I'm a "nice asshole".
Despite my cuss words, I am a nice person overall. Oh yea and the insults. I'm an asshole, but I'm a nice asshole. You just ....
I dunno lol...
...tempted to say "have to get to know me better"...
but perhaps the time element is more important?
Stand there a bit longer and maybe I'll say something nice.
I guess that means I'm just an asshole asshole?
A faker?

I dunno, I have myself convinced at least that I'm a nice person deep down.
Under the 50% layer of oninion. Err I mean asshole ;-P.

I guess NOT DOING ANYTHING AT ALL makes it hard to prove you are a nice person, or hard to.. incite incidences where niceness is capable of being shown?
So because I don't say anything to people, I do not have opportunity to show niceness.
I will socialize PLENTY during collaboration. In the midst of it there is nothing I can do to stop the person(s) I am collaborating with from doing a "shout out". Whether a blatant advertising or a "hi mom", I cannot prevent them from doing it. It is a technical impossibility. TV Networks can do it with their 5 second delay, but it is impossible to impose such a restriction on "the internet". A '5 second censorship window' to every live broadcast on the internet (with the ability to censor WITHIN those 5 seconds on every broadcast) would NEVER pass. GLHF



I also might live a more fulfilling life as a nice person? It also decreases assassination rates (nice people kill angry people, and angry people of course kill angry people, but nice people tend to not kill nice people. it is implied that angry people kill nice people -_-), is a useful negotiating technique....
....AND IS FUCKING ACTING
YOU ARE A CUNT.
BE A CUNT.