If I want to have a compromise between privacy of offline and security of online
and of course, the ability to do drugs

and yes speak freely only whenever I want...

I can just upload realtime but in encrypted (maybe like 24x 1 hour chunks) and then once a day come online publically and all I do is verify the sha1 sums of the encrypted files

the associated encryption keys should be uploaded as well, probably using some master public encryption key type thing (the password to which is insanely valuable)


the downside to this is that I probably won't very frequently go public

maybe an alternative, that allows me to be online 24/7 (because if I don't cold turkey that shit, I probably won't be on very often) and still do private activities would be to hold up a black motherfucking square / piece of paper. Behind that, I take my hit or do whatever the fuck I want. Only needs to last for a few seconds...


But then there's the issue of coordinating with whoever brings me drugs (unless I synthesize? yea right (but hey maybe you never know)) privately and then balancing between public interaction and private interaction

I worry that I'll spend too much time in private mode


I DON'T WANT TO HAVE A PRIVATE MODE. I WANT TO SPEAK OUT LOUD 24/7 MY THOUGHTS EVEN FOR 'PRIVATE MODE', so i guess that black square method sucks unless I mute it too (assuming other activities besides snorting ketamine for example go on behind it)




IDFK I'll figure some shit out



there is no bitching out


you need to be public/online 99.9% of the time

100% would be ideal.... but that .1% might just be my incriminating drug usage


but they paint pictures


if that's all I'm hiding, they'll 'sting' me for it. they'll pursue it (and of course paint as ugly of a picture as possible in the media)



I dunno, keep brainstorming though you'll come up with something eventually.



As tempting as staying offline / 'strong silent type' sounds.... I feel like I _NEED_ to be public/100%. I don't want to be afraid. I want to be good and I want to do good and I want to be proud of it. Drugs are not bad so of course I definitely still want to do them (I just don't want to be a prison martyr for that cause. I'd rather be frrrreeeeeee)


There was some other reason why I need to too... but it slips my mind