members of my d3fault member society can enter a mode where we are each in that filmed VR room with 360 degrees conver belt and map feed. this is a different... view/mode/something of the map feed (think: google earth if you dunno wat map feed is) thing and in this view, we are all in a black void but together. you can see each other and can walk around them or some bullshit. up/down is essentially non-existent so we are basically walk-flying in our 3d "cube" up/down/around. or we can be on a flat surface but i do think having arbitrary 3d positioning is more space-efficient. perhaps a better solution can be created. being in that mode is or should maybe be the "friend authentication" level of camera perspective showing. All X of the friends gather together in that 3d void and basically observe each others and the friend-to-authenticate (who is the mutual friend of all X-1). They don't necessarily need to know each other, but they definitely need to be in an approved state by some set threshold of people (who themselves are verified by the same threshold of people (etc))). There needs to be a bootstrap mode or a bootstrap plan, as that sounds impossible initiatally.

So publically agreed upon encryption is encrypted and stored/shared/verified/etc amongst all the members on the network and also of course even moreso somehow during the yes-we-know-that-fucking-guy-and-that-is-definitely-him-not-a-video-feed-or-imposter(hopefully) stage, which is periodically performed (and is definitely performed on first connect, ya know? (perhaps even more at other determined times (not to imply the time element... i guess i mean events (but it could be time, especially initially for ease of coding)))). I would say it probably needs to be at least once a day... but then I have absolutely no rational reason for why. It just SEEMS (we are human and mathematics are not, so we can SEEM but putting SEEMs down into math is impossibru/difficult) like a good place to start.

We can also, after stability is proven, allow a member to go in a "if i don't formally disconnect, find me until blah because i have been abducted etc and am possibly in danger. halp" opt-in mode. us opt-in'ers only help each other... or at least it should be that way but we're all mostly too nice/merciful/pittying to just let our friends/family die, even if they weren't in the opt-in mode. i mean seriously it actually don't make much sense to require everyone to be in that mode. fact. babies and old fucks deserve protection from those capable. us middle of life prime time of our life creme de le crop bleeding-edge-of-evolution adult human beings. Still, it is very difficult to secure another human being who is not in the same secure setup and especially since now you must leave your secure zone to attempt to secure them. it just makes very little sense. it is easier to secure each other when we are all on it. we are close enough that we can run to each other's aid as needed. we are essentially a secured-by-motion-sensors(which-is-difficult-btw) grid of secure tunnels that can't be infiltrated from above (so underground probably don't work... but WHERE ELSE???) or any direction except through the tunnels (perhaps such a structure is impossible to begin with).