book

I woke up this morning and it was still dark. I woke up with the one thought/word in my head: book. Writing about it won't do it justice, but it was confusing and made perfect sense simultaneously. Book. Plot. A story. My brain... not in a panicked way... searched for what reality I was currently in. What context the word "book" applied to. Tripping? Dreaming? Reality? It was only a few seconds that this wake up process lasted... but it felt/thought (sameshit) weird and encouraging/comfortable/NORMAL(???? (normal that has yet to be discovered is not normal... yet))/like-a-nice-time-tested-novel-with-a-brown-covered-casing.

The point is really though that it doesn't matter. We can't know that we aren't just an elephant's dream (just saw that short the other day, want to write about it (*opens notepad with those words as context reminder* (all in between are already open lol))) so how can we differentiate between them? In each case, we should try to write a nice fulfilling book for ourselves. Good in each of course but that's semi OT.

Since it was dark, I didn't see anything upon waking up so it was confusing for a bit longer than it normally is. I wondered while awake whether or not I was still dreaming (it's usually in reverse). I think I looked around or my eyes adjusted a few seconds later and I finally saw something to let me know where/what/who I am and that I am "awake".


Getting a bit OT: Of all my dreams/trips/etc, I have a sort of 99.99999% confidence in Steven being "something" (more to come about that later). I mean yes I can be fooled by my dreams (and hell, trips are still reality :-P) into thinking they are real... but the trickery lasts seconds and minutes at most. I have the ability to remember Steven as a child and still feel/know that I am the same person. If this is a trip/dream, it's several orders of magnitude longer than the trips/dreams Steven has.

Is length a "good" scientific means of saying a thing is "real" versus "fake"? No. My dreams are just as real as reality, but my dreams don't last very long and it's for that reason alone that I don't have to worry about the consequences of my actions in them. I can be truly free and reckless and not fear death. I can allow myself to forget my programming "in the moment" and do anything I desire... knowing everything will be back to the way it was when either a) I wake up, or b) a new dream starts.