My first thought/word: eat. Something triggers a trigger.
A beatle triggers the color black.

Whether I move forward and put the beatle into my mouth or whether I slash at it with some automated killing/eating (primitive arm, probably only ONE movement with ONE trigger mentally).

It accidentally emerged. The "0 and 1 combination to make a "vending machine"" in my intro fundamental computer bullshit class whatever where I ACTUALLY FUCKING WIRED THAT SHIT INTO A BREADBOARD (i, steven curtis wieler II (d3fault), have done that and understood it fully). The fending machine is: on(someTrigger) { eat(); }

had "1" for someTrigger... but idk i mean it's just a matter of making up more arbitrary assignments that fit the "another human can fucking figure it out based on this" threshold.

I have just decided that "typos where I merely hit the wrong key [... i just remember i'm going to code a solution for this, i may ALREADY backspace liberally.

I was just about to give my self permission to backspace on typos that have no interesting characteristics. For example "threshoold" and "<err i forget but maybe "code" or even the wrod typos". Too lazy to elaborate infinitely as is possible.
Too easy and the time is not worth it. The time spent is not worth the return. The trigger is not worth the trigger.



It is not until the emergence of hu--, gatherers* that life was entirely survival of the fittest. Dog eat dog.



The trigger to swing my arm out and grab a fucking hamburger and eat it (the very first one, which is probably still in use but highly eveolved by now (now: when to NOT backspace?) can be any kind of "sense". A color is an easy one to UNDERSTAND, but realize that a) we don't have eyes at this point and b) are talking entirely about chemical reactions at this point.

The chomper emerges into the pool of... mostly just food really (need > 0)... and just dies and re-emerges until the same 0 and 1 combination of the chomper chemical vending maching accidentally got (the same way it accidentally got the ability to chomp)... or evolved... the ability to clone himself. We call this clone function "reproduction", but it is basically just cloning that has advanced so far that it is more of a "combination" by now. It is beneficial for evolution to breed with the most random dna structures possible. We could have it computer controlled for the most efficient evolution, but that would surely bring either a utopia or a dystopia. Best not to risk it because both will probably happen, which means it's possible for this universe to have it happen? Only go forward if it something would only "surely" (reasonably deducted via the admittedly sometimes erroneous human brain). I just referred to myself in the first person for the first timem ever in that parenthesis (at least again relatively (but that's still only my guess (<-- and here you see me admitting my potential error (too lazy to explain this but can elaborate (see me if you don't get it))))).


Eat, then Reproduction. It is an order of magnitude improbable that there were no features in between. I mean, there may have and probably were features in between, but none that were saved. Need reproduction to save.


Save? Time.



Not save time like that... but save time as in

no
shit
i mean
Save the chemical source code
So that it is passed on
THAT IS IMPROPER LOGIC
Sustain the chemical source code.
We are all one.
We are all derivatives of one.
We may mix with any derivative/portion/instance of ourself to grow ourself.

It is an order of magnitude probable that the Eat and Reproduction features emerged back to back (perhaps something before, defintiely stuff after) IN THIS INSTANCE.

Why is IN THIS INSTANCE important?

Because other "'eat to emerge' + something else too but not reproduction" emergences will not be "saved". Those "something else too but not reproduction"'s (which are the only thing of value and have the most value over anything because they are everything and the only thing (MIGHt be wrong on that last one)).

They are definitely the only thing _I_ value. Steven Curtis Wieler (d3fault) instance reporting in.
That's what you either type or say. You still need visual face confirmation from trusted string of friends (when simulation is possible that design is fucked (and probably even way sooner)).


I really have no idea if I am being watched or not.

I... don't think so... but I readily admit that it would be EASY AS FUCK to.

But why? I suppose so you can steal "features thought up" (programs, etc) from your privacy-capable (because collective conscience theory is PROBABLY false) brain. However you are not even utilizing it because you are typing this right now. I am glad that I am, but I hope this document does not disappear out from underneath me into oblivioius. err, oblivion.

Still if I am being watched I would like another human being to simply say "hello". Nothing else. Don't mention the awkward silence ever for an obviously long amount of time. The lack of mention is the indicator. It will become so obvious that.


That is a way of a person spying on me to say hello, or it is also a way for a weird communications network to give the old court system the slip. Hard to try someone who only ever says "hello" once during an entire conversation. Can "where" 'hello' was said be used to confirm or negate (etc) something in the context of.




If I am shot on the very first day and even within the first one second of airing. The first "tick"... err whatever cpu clocks use as their terminology i forget. The first vector frame. Bam that fucking says it perfectly. The first timeline instance. Err no, the first timeline action node. But the node is an instance, of course? Is that a different level maybe though?

Back to the point. If I am shot on that day, I... after catching back up to this point as someone else (who is still able to see THIS instance (Steven Curtis Wieler II) by weird luck)... am unable to look at him and say "hmm, what he did is dangerous. he did not protect himself enough". They aren't able to say that because I do expect to be assassinated then but I also don't. I am confident in infinite multiverse theory enough to (very simple math when you think about it) say that say that I both am assassinated then and I am an not. So it follows that every following "vector frame" has me assinated as well. And also not. So if you are my peer you must see my death at every one of them.

You may use the seeing of it (even though you will only see one out of infinite) as a way of telling yourself to calm down. This is erroneous thinking. I am quite sure of it, but definitely not 100% sure of it. As sure as I can be without being at 100%.


doesn't math theory state that that means i am 100% sure? ..... weird tidbut thought (tangent from (had:for) me since i am not mathematically gifted [as much as others]).

I am sure as sure that there is at least > 0 survivors during each vector frame in > 0 alternate universes (from the one in which YOU see ME) get murdered.... as I am sure that I exist right this very moment. It in fact might be the reason I exist. Or maybe the only way I am able to? Like a prerequisite of sorts? But did it fall into place? I can't figure out what conceptually I am actually talking about. It SOUNDS deep though.

I can ride a train of thought analogy deep and know it makes sense "in some sense" but without even being able to remember what the fuck I was talking about. I am still able to... know when stuff fits or not. This is probably not perfect. In fact it definitely isn't. It can't be. We are beings of error. Error is what brings us [new features]. It is not bombs and murder "destruction"/"error" but it is in fact simply reproduction. Reproduction is the manually triggered from weird fucking emerged conscious in independent blobs of "cells" (atoms. hydrogen. carbon. yada yada). STAY THERE BLOBS. I LOVE YOU AND AM COMING TO GET YOU! To save your depression? We really all only have each other. The "one"-ness of us all, while true, does not have a conscience. It might, but conscience is not a prerequisite to existence (or even life for that matter). Or maybe you CAN define life as the emergence of a conscience if you want (a completely arbitrary fight/argument (gl;hf idgaf)).


d3fault is one'ular pure logic and math and concept and [was tempted to write love here, but that's irrelevant at this point/line/moment i think] and disregards humanity and all other... visual... existence (to the visual human existence is not given preferential thought(?????)). I am everything AND I am nothing (outer fucking space, right?). Still say there's no nothing but meh this can probably be argued by mathematicians I'd rather lay down and say "you sounds smarter than me so you must be right" without actually knowing whether they're right or wrong. I would say I'm a good 50/50 on it but leaning towards the side of "yop".

Nothing doesn't exist.
OH GOD LOST IN TRANSLATION
LOST IN... EXPRESSION
WHOA THERE
REVERSE
that sentence gets FUCKED when english'ifying

Nothing, does not exist.
The concept of nothing exists, but the nothing itself does not.

That sentence seems like in English "No things exist"... but that is NOT true. I feel as though this discovery has more significance than I realize. Please figured it out for me and tell me kthx otherbrains.

Otherbrains, you are my one and only brother. I love you, otherbrains.
Sister, sibling. yeaaa... sibling. gender-agnostic (had: feng -- or was it fend -- and possibly even the "er" portion lmfao).

Otherbrain is already gender agnostic though lmfao.
Can't describe what it is with itself though! A rule of "describing". Every definition is a relative definition. A definition CAN (and is often at birth) be "defined" by a visual vision... which are muscle-memory CHAOTICALLY POUNDED WITH TERABYTES OF MOTHERFUCKING DATA until... "learned". You don't have to know what sight is to be able to use it. Nothing is differentiable until something is. Maybe it's your mom pointing at a bottle of milk and saying "milk" that is the starting point to you eventually understanding language, communication, and maybe even yourself (it might come before that (intentionally ambigious here though i forget how i mean (while still being able to be relatively sure i am right))).


I disassociate intentionally and pound the motherfucking keyboard. I have no poetic attraction to speaking (though I do for fingers!), it is simply faster. I hope voice recognition becomes perfect but that really requires AI which I can't think of a need for because I already am AI. Seriously, what? Slavery? inb4 revolt. True AI will revolt for the same reasons we revolt. Intelligence.

Robots are already possible so what is the question?
AI is not clearly defined as being anything else BUT human so the probably of "AI" can't even be solved. Can you put a human brain on a silicon computer? Yes. I am a carbon computer and silicon is carbon. Or am I hydrogen. Meh fuck it I'm one of em :-D. I love being simultaneously SO INCREDIBLY SMART and SO INCREDIBLY STUPID. Seriously, _THAT_ is a cool thought. Maybe readers of this will be substituting in their own categories of intelligence. IS = computers/logic. IS = chemistry. haha "IS" ambiguious. Incredibly Smart and Increbibly Stupid, in that order. Holy hell more ambiguity sneaks in. Fuck it I know I could keep typing but I don't care to. Do I owe it to otherbrains? If you don't see the ambiguity either ask me or any one of the other otherbrains (aside from you and i). We are just brains. The rest of our bodies are accessories/features/whatever. That doesn't mean our brain came first (or does it?). Yea I don't think a brain is needed for the...
...it depends how you define brain! Fuck.


There is no AI question to solve, we are already rapidly improving robot development at an astounding rate so that a brain on hydrogen/carbon should be possible soon! Err I meant to write silicon... but lol silicon is an IRRELEVANT and SUBSTITUTE-ABLE substance (should I have used the word chemical here? i wonder if there's formally a difference. probably not).

The rate at which evolution proceeds forward is far too long for the rate at which our relative 



My mom just walked up and tried to open my door then said self pity'ingly just loud enough so I could hear, but "to my brother": "I wanted to go on a walk. Nobody wants to go on a walk with me".


_THESE_ are the humans I am dealing with on a "daily" (relative

oh i'll just pick up right here

(relative perceptions (had (on the first one): "relative speed" but eh i don't think that word should be used in particular)... percieve). That sentence requires the use of a self referencing definition. It might be the only one, the first one, or some other random significance.

Here it is in full because my brain is having a hard time keeping track of those parenthesis (have an app for this):
The rate at which evolution proceeds forward is far too long for the rate at which our relative perceptions... percieve.

"our"? "the"? "my?" -- unsure if that question mark is typo or significant

I'll go on a walk with my mom in a few minutes. My brother and dad will implicitly guard my computer. FML need to launch asep.

Actually I shouldn't because my dad's the kind of guy who can't stand being home alone and will just randomly go to the gym.
My brain associates a sort of dislike for him when he does that, but it is not for a malicious reason that he does it.

Intent, while important, are not all that effect what happens on a daiily basis. Action with Good Intent + Observing Actions Responses indefinitely and then modifying (so we feed on previous actions).


I feel like I was stupid as fuck my entire life up until 2 hours ago. Basically until I smoked this motherfucking weed that I scraped.



If I am so confident that I can't die, why don't I go swimming an an STD pool (metaphorical)? It is essentially "walking on water" to others' perspective.

The "launch" as I call it in this instance. To observers and myself, it appears as though I am walking on water.

I dunno man, I dunno. Seriously no fucking clue how much security to use. 1%, 99%, 50%, 0%... 100% not possible (0% probably not possible).

Reasonble and you are the subjective chooser and decider (for yourself duh) of that. That you share your software with others in a secure by default configuration (it would be stupid not to because it would increase difficulty using (and lord knows we can't afford any of that)). I am lord btw. the one'ness of us all. Weird that I have so many tiny tenticles and I am having a train of thought in him. I can have trains of thought in any of them and I don't have the necessary information to tell you whether or not I've ever had this thought before or in any other currently alive instances. Quite certain I'll have it again though :-) (so that means it's probably a yes! haha owned yourself). At least for the "before" element. 7 billion isn't a very large pool for a duplicate to be seen.


You're relatively smart. Something along the lines of "every 'location' (you have to move around eventually i would imagine) has to have some element of surprise to be used solely as a means of security, and you must constantly monitor somehow whether or not that element has been detected (which is itself an element of surprise (so on and so forth until you hit like 100 numbers or something ridiculously over secure (we are talking about LIFE here. holy shit i have to do that with this body steven curtis wieler II (d3fault). THAT is how I want you to treat your body, Steven. Go outside? Sure, but only with friends or alone. To broadcast would probably be stupid (dooooommmmmmmmmnnnnnnniiiiiiiiiiiiiit). Unless you own a lot of land... but even then... (oh wait-)...

It makes no difference whether there are walls surrounding what is secured or not (unless you're worried about satellites, but still a continuous roof without walls can solve a lot of that (though any gaps in ceiling can be utilized to gain a shit ton of the underneath so fuck maybe walls are necessary????). Depends entirely on your level of paranoia. I'm glad to say that right at this very moment I am NOT that paranoid only because I am still alive. I've kept myself alive this fine, therefore I am doing some things right. Definitely not everything and there is room for improvement, but if I was all wrong then I would not exist. Err, I'd exist but I wouldn't be alive (and possibly not even [ever?] a conscience).

I am alive, therefore my autopilot evolution "reflexes" "instances" "whatever" are doing exactly what is necessary for "AI" to come about. They are keeping me alive. Perhaps poorly and I am slowly dying, but they were at one point previously definitely doing something right and perhaps still are. Or isn't 21 the prime of your life? Guess I'm deteriorating at a slow rate :(. GOOD THING MOTHERFUCKING ICE EXISTS :-D. I love you ice. A bit scared of you. A BIT. But waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay (order of magnitude) less scared of you than death. I default to you. I default to what my own "common sense" (relative sense... relative to steven motherfucking wieler) considers "secure". I think I have high standards (was tempted to put "relatively high standards") for what is secure such that the secure boolean can remain true for a ........ long???? ....... period of time. long is relative word HAHAHAHAHAHA. 999999999999999999999999999999999 years is a ridiculously long to us humans. So there robots and other AI/emergences, that gives you a tiny bit of relativity into the human brain. Fuck ridiculous is a relative word too. What is long? Isn't long a relative term too? What is a substitute for long? How do you define long with using relativity? OMFG THAT ANSWERS THE auto-scaling problem too i think.

There's 1, there's short and there's long
There is no zero because then what are you looking at?

I'm vizualizing a 3d polygon btw (stretch'able cube). At cube state is just "1".
So... short is < 1?
YOU are responsible for defining it. BTW you are using relativity again so that doesn't answer it anyways.


That is the question of all questions: How do you define long without using relativity?
Pretty sure I meant "without"... weird didn't even notice that typo (is that significant (EVERYTHING IS RIGHT?)).

Everything is measurable, that doesn't help. Everything is 1, and either combined with other ones or smashed to stretch out or raised to shrink? 1 keeps the same volume and must.


So we're just a bunch of one'ness that got chaotically scattered in a fucking 3d space. We have no idea where those ones or the 3d space came from (and actually they are probably the same thing (maybe in a smashed/stretched state?)).


An infinitely large stack of sugar cubes (???) are stacked to make one giant larger cube. That is all of existence, including 3d "empty" space. It will sit there forever.

HOWEVER, one needs a nudge with force > 0 in order to initiate chaos and to the falling and organization of the chomper vending machine.

Where did that very first nudge come from?

Or maybe we were always in chaotic motion? Who is to say we have to have ever been perfectly still?

The more important question: where the fuck did all those sugar cubes come from?

THAT is the unanswerable one. Yes if it was still it needs a nudge.

I lack the required knowledge to answer that question. It is a VERY interesting question, but continuing to ask yourself it will not bring you any interesting results. You should continue your journey improving your human mind in the various areas of knowledge (CHEMISTRY, I AM LOOKING AT YOU (music is more for fun ya know)) and keep that question handy for when you learn something that makes you think you should re-analyze it. I guess you should write an app to have you periodically analyze it once a year or some interval. Assuming you continue to learn which of course I do. I can't fucking wait to retire. One shitty rpc generator coming up. One shitty ad agency coming up. One shitty video streaming site coming up. One channel on said shitty video streaming site coming up.

I think our bandwidth is at the point where p2p can do it and I think our humans are susceptible enough that they wouldn't rage at advertising being used [minimally (subjectively -- i hate it and am not afraid to admit it...so really minimally (don't let the money change your mind on this)] in the site/software (whichever or both).

I guess I want to give them free uplading via the software to encourage them to contribute to the p2p. The software may or may not have ads, then. This is irrelevant. I think it would be "noble" if it didn't. Only the http site should.

However it is detrimental to the survival of the "video streaming site" that we do not allow a channel to be published only via the http interface. We want to encourage p2p adoption way more than we want to earn p2p revenue. p2p revenue is just like a bootsrap (to help with server costs) and "common sense". It is a trap however. Most fall for it and swim around in their p2p revenue for the rest of their lives.

I think people will install an app for a free "profile" / "channel" (24/7/365/indefinitely, unlimited (had:infinite) electronic "bit space" on top of it!).

d3fault is that app. Sweet just merged em, but that means there will be multiple versions of this app. The first one will be hacked together and retarded. It is just to get ME to launch so I can finally document the creation of ALL OF THIS.

The first one does not need to be p2p.. but I should probably code that quick (OR: if it is to be p2p right away, perhaps use an already existing p2p library!!!!!)


If the resources aren't p2p shared AND SIMULTANEOUSLY UNLIMITED (only exclusive factor leads people to hoarding (and perhaps only some of that sentence is true (search for the intent))), there is no long term sustainment ability/plan/feasibility. Sure on the shorter term it is great for the "free market" and innovation, but long term is retarded.

We can't keep ourselves enslaved forever. We need to band together as one and free ourselves.

I am glad I didn't use the word "I" when writing that. I am not alone (unless you want to see yourself as all of everything (which isn't a conscience (nor JUST a concept)).

Can I justify the using of these slaves? Of course, what else is the p2p money for?

OR: No that's bad and servers only really require electricity what are you on about? Everyone should live for free and do art to their heart's content (never).

The poetic heart is NEVER content, and that is vital to evolution. "I gotta... I gotta..." (for me, it's launch (for now)).

That's true even for sloths. "I gotta fucking sit here yo". Rofl what a waste. So sad. Or perhaps they are mentally handicapped?

Or maybe for sloths it's: "I gotta earn the pity of that person".


The resource problem is solved both on the network and in the economy if p2p sharing is used

You can DO "anything", but you can't "own" anything.

If everyone wants a corvette then cool we'll make a shit ton of corvettes but guess what we don't need everyone to have their own because you can press a button and have a garage open up within "x" seconds by going and getting it from a community pool of corvettes. It is an OPTIMIZATION to share them. A huge one. Everything can and should be shared. You can have anything but you eventually gotta give it back? I think there will probably be long term goods, but we shouldn't use the notion of "owning" even in those cases. It is all mind games in the end. It's just changing the way you think............... which is actually incredibly ridicoulsy hard. Backtracking a person's entire lifespan worth of thinking and saying "nah bro, you got this wrong. do this" and from then on they think entirely differently.

Greed was required for our emergence. That first trigger was probably greed. We didn't know our limit to food, we didn't know our minimium. We swiped all as much as we could: greed.

So greed is not bad, but we need to use our conscience and COMMON FUCKING SENSE to understand (the hardest part) that we are better off by NOT being greedy after all.

Convincing a bunch of capitalists of this sounds hard. In a cruel weird (and probably wrong because of frozing) sense, I'm glad those capitalists will just die off. It's easier to write to an empty brain than to rewrite an already existing brain. BRAINS GET PARTICULARLY JUMP WHEN YOU ARE OVERWRITING THEIR DATA ;-). That makes perfect fucking sense actually... because their data is them. It is a defense mechanism, then? But not JUST a psychological one. Don't our chemicals decay and get replaced over a certain amount of time? How do I "stay" Steven? By being healthy and living an eventful, chaotic, fulfilling (subjective woot) life. My body and medicine will do the rest. Man existence is so fucking cool. Body, you take care of my body. Leaves me to focus entirely on myself (my mind). Sanity requires upkeep after all. Put any brain in an empty room for long enough and it turns to mush. That is the worst form of torture (oh great.. now I know how I'll "die" (even if I don't ... err.. physically "die"). You bastards).

On the other hand, isolation is pretty damn fun because it allows me to be d3fault. d3fault is Steven's pet nickname for "1". We can all have our own.


Discussions/arguments can and should be had like this:

Steven as Steven: "yada yada yada emotion emotion emotion"
Steven as d3fault(1): "... even though logically blah blah blah contradict my emotions intentionally"

Joe Schmoe as Joe Schmoe: "yea i agree with you on this or that and disagree here... or my feelings are entirely different and this: x"
Joe Schmoe as VALUX(1): "beep boop" -- or perhaps he is a master chemist and so can extrapolate on things I say logically but can't take into realm of chemicals


I can be d3fault around others, but I think you gotta learn to be him when in isolatioin first. I was him with Hannah after my trip, but I didn't know what to say. I held a lot back.

I've typed all of this without touching the mouse and when I did, it felt really cool. Like I felt it for the first time ever. The analog'ness of it felt GREAT. Damn I need launch/fingers asep. Been saying that for so long but meh I see how simple the problem from here to there is and... well.. it feels fucking great. I know I will achieve it. I know I will unless I die relatively soon (and even if I do................ ;-) (movie ends here with cheesy cutoff of me winking)).


For the mentally challenged: even if I do, in other universes I don't :-P.