1 tripping infinite recursion

Fancy poetic story of creation that I made up (who knows, it just might be true (but still suffers from the "well where did THAT come from then?" problem)):

In the beginning there was 1 and eventually came a drug for 1 to trip balls on. Perhaps the drug broke off of the 1 and it was tripping on itself. In it's trip, it developed some sort of creative addition that it never "thought" of while not tripping. It tripped indefinitely and eventually forgot it was a trip (if it even knew it in the first place). It's single modification might not have seemed "interesting" at the time, but that might have only been because it wasn't conscious [yet]. It stayed in the trip so long that eventually in the trip came along another drug for it to trip on. Again, perhaps a part of itself. The same thing happened again and yet another addition/modification was made to the (ultimately) 1.

Do this a couple billlion/trillion/X times and you get to this reality here and now. I can't be sure any of my peers aren't just additions/modifications... I am only ever "me". When I trip on DMT, for those "10 [relative] minutes"... I will have spent "X" lifetimes of "X" length doing the same thing in each trip.

How deep the recursion goes and how long each trip lasts is completely arbitrary and irrelevant.

What will be interesting is what happens after the 10 minute trip. But it isn't unrealistic to both think that the 10 minutes will never end (infinitely deep recursion) and that it will also end (infinity eventually loops). A silly fear of mine is that I will never come back to "this" reality... even though I know I will... in 10 relative minutes :).

I'm not scared in any case: make the best of every opportunity presented to you: whether a trip/dream/"reality". I'd gladly live infinitely deep recursions of life, even if I didn't even know each one was just a trip, and even if I had to re-learn everything as a zero year old again, if all of them have the capability of being as awesome as this one.

Really it's the same as the "live die live die" infinitely approach... but MAYBE with the chance that after you snap out of it after 10 minutes you can write about it.

That nobody else has written about it makes me believe it's probably just a nice little make believe story I just came up with :)..... (but then again.... everybody else might be figments of my imagination which means it's UP TO ME to take the drug and I can't rely on other's reports).