I want a soundproof as fuck room with a spherical conveyer belt as my floor. It should appear/feel flat, but the idea is I can run in any direction and the floor is recycled infinitely. I want video cameras on the walls (or just those "ball sensors" scattered all over my body) to determine my position inside the room, and these coordinates are used to determine how fast to move the converer belt. If I am in the middle, it is at rest. As I move towards the side, it increases in speed. I should be able to run at full speed and never reach the side. This presents a dangerous scenario where I am never able to get off, so a safety mechanism (maybe something dangling from ceiling?) should be devised. There might also need to be a 1-foot border of no conveyer belt around the edge in case I am thrown off and/or the conveyer belt malfunctions so I'm not laying there getting a massive rug burn for hours/days/forever-until-death. Also on the walls can be a 3d mapping view. Perhaps the walls are not "4"/square but in fact a cylinder. The whole room could be a sphere for the best results, but a cylinder is probably good enough. As I walk on the conveyer belt, the 3d mapping software moves itself wherever I go. It can be based on static map data (should be libre (also "crowd/cloud-sourced"), fuck you google earth/maps), or can even be realtime/dynamic using a surrogate.


If I shine one of dem red lights on myself or take vitamin D supplements, why do I need to go outside?????? O rite sanity and ability to 'touch the wood'.

STILL, I think it will provide a reasonable compromise between:
a) ability to explore the earth and interact with the outside world
b) security
c) privacy (err, won't I be filming myself inside of it? so nvm (but I could turn that off at any point if I want))



It also provides a dance floor for me to dance + use fingers on. No bomb proof suit required (implied that the building is bomb/nuke proof [hopefully]).






Will I remain a coward during my entire pre-frozing life? Maybe.... but I'll try to simulate normal/outside interaction to the best of my ability!

Not launching + staying/being anon is a trade off with the benefit of: I can _actually_ go outside. Still I think hiding in my brain is more cowardly than hiding in a nuke proof bunker with my brain on a platter. It is shame and embarrassing acts that make someone a coward: not a fear of death. A fear of death is rational and justified. This is debatable and subjective.



Launch: Hide inside + Expose brain
Anon/etc: Go outside + Hide brain



HHHHHHHHHMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
I think I'll go with launch. I value my brain and sanity far too much to attempt to hide who I am. I will miss going outside, but it is a sacrifice I am willing to make. It is also very plausible that I will be able to go outside post-frozing. Humans will have gotten their shit together [hopefully] by then.

I don't have enough confidence in infinite multiverse theory [yet?] to live in the "Fucking kill me (while I'm outside) I don't give a fuck because in another bang instance you either don't exist or don't kill me" mentality (THOUGH I VERY MUCH WANT TO). My staying inside is the "erring on the side of caution".


Erring on the side of caution is a slippery slope. Didn't I just now conclude that I won't be going outside? Haven't I warned myself about that as being TOOOOOOOO cautious? Does it only count as TOOOOOO cautious if I am also not broadcasting? Does broadcasting in the described room (or some BDSM rig ;-P) counter it and make it worth it?



It is also possible to utilize anonymity to be able to both go outside and to expose your brain. That is the value of anonymity, if you are willing to give up attribution. Attribution I have mixed feelings about. I want credit for my work, yes... but in the grand scheme of things I see it as entirely pointless. Who gives a shit who came up with the knowledge, so long as it came about. Attribution allows you to find other pieces of knowledge by the same author, so in that sense it is very valuable. But it tends to put people in the mode of "you are a nobody so I will not listen to what you have to say", which is entirely fallicious. Even a peasant can delicately word the meaning of life.

Surely there is a balancing point between "attribution following" and "judging a single piece of knowledge on it's own", though I am unable to find it.

Even pseudonyms (with anonymity) can use attribution. Maybe that's my sweet spot? I still feel that I'll be battling my own brain far too much: I will be forced into a position where I must filter all of my words so as not to blow my cover (my anonymity). You can slip in a fraction of a second. Factor in drugs and alcohol and it just isn't feasible. Montaigne said that a man is most vulnerable (or something) when he is too drunk to contain himself. I utterly refuse to be afraid of what I have to say when I am that drunk. In fact, I want to know what I (my drunken subconscious) have to say!!! I will record it and listen to it (the things I don't remember are probably the only things I will ever listen to (dreams, trips, drunken breakdowns)) and hope to learn from it. Fuck anonymity and fuck going outside. Fuck humans who kill because they're butthurt/jealous/etc. I wish to explore my BRAIN fully and in 2013 it is essentially mandatory to stay inside for safety in order to do so. My brain is uncharted, but the earth is fully mapped (still not 3d/libre but eh I'll fix that ;-P). I want to go prance around in the woods with the animals and be left alone is...... simultaneously blissful and stupid. Blissful because I'D REALLY ACTUALLY ENJOY DOING IT, and it's stupid because: nothing is accomplished aside from enjoyment. Though nothing is accomplished by my exploring my own brain either (aside from enjoyment). So which do I enjoy more? I think I have to go with exploring my own brain seeing as the earth is already fully mapped.

If I could have both, I would. I hope I come up with a logical path to be relatively certain that this assumed reality is in fact(?????) infinite multiverses.