On one hand, "seeking out and obliterating that which embarrasses you" is a way to defeat shame. On the other hand, doing it is merely "reacting to your environment".

We can only ever be reactions to our environment..
..or..
.. be yourself without regard to embarrassment


The latter seems to imply shame has already been defeated. It is a completely different mindset than going out of your way to DO things that embarrass you [so you can get used to being embarrassed, and then not be embarrassed, and defeat shame].

It's weird that (a) contradicts (b), yet (b) depends on (a).

For me at least, being myself without regard for shame requires that I first defeat shame. And to defeat shame, I actively seek out embarrassment. BLah, human.


It is all mind. It is all thought. Will alone can bring you to (b) without first "seeking out" embarrassment. HOWEVER I should...... OR FUCK MAYBE I SHOULDN'T.... be on my guard for things that embarrass me as I try to be myself without regard to it.

If you want to not regard embarrassment, you have to be okay with being embarrassed?


To catch yourself in the moment being embarrassed, and to not give a shit (you do not explode).

VERSUS

To never be embarrassed because you are no longer capable of it (purposefully)



Which do I want? Which is "better" (LOL SUBJECTIVE NO ANSWER TO THAT)? Which is better... to me (same as which do I want)?

I WANT TO NOT HAVE THE ABILITY TO BE EMBARRASSED
_AND_ I know I can think of things that WOULD embarrass me

So do I seek them out and do them?
Or evade them, and live forever embarrassable.
Or stop thinking about them and "not give a shit" if I stumble into them [......accidentally,purposefully,chaotically,idkwhatwordgoesheretbh(but basically "throughout the course of my life")......]


Hell, random theory: maybe being a human means you can always be embarrassed about SOMETHING.
Baw fuck that theory, I would almost want to try to prove it wrong (but this document~)

It does not defy the laws of physics for a being to exist and be alive and not be able to be embarrassed

Emotion (and appreciation) definitely factors in.

So maybe it's impossible to be an emotional human being without being able to be embarrassed? Eh that sounds more plausible, because emotion is OMGWTFCHAOTICCONFUSING ball of OMGWTFCHAOTICCONFUSING UN-deterministic (had:"logic") ... things...

Perhaps exactly therein lies the answer. Emotion is chaos therefore we never know ourselves fully. Chaotic environment can always show us a different side of ourselves and can therefore probably always anger/embarrass/etc us.


SO TAKING THAT "theory", now what? Now how to behave? Yep fuck it just enjoy getting bright red and knowing that you aren't going to [im|ex]plode from shame. But don't seek it out, that's stupid and a waste.

The same goes for cuss words. Yes you habitually use them, but don't actively seek to use them just because "society"/environment says you can't (ON THE OTHER HAND, THAT'S A DAMN FINE REASON TO USE THEM (I am a firm believer in "it is our duty to break unjust laws")).


Blah being a human is confusing and fun. It's either that or understood and boring. I'll take confusing and fun.

Confusing and fun = Contradicting-every-other-sentence and emotional
Understood and boring = while true loop with no body statements


I love this doc. Never thought I'd dive this far into my brain: the first two sentences were all I had (had:"at first" (I mean, before deciding to write them down)).