Consciousness/Free Will is a reduce function. Chaos/infinity maps out all the possibilities (of which there are infinte), and then you choose (reduce) the direction you wish to take.

Thought this up while thinking about how scurred I am to proceed forward. My LifeShaping is practically done, sans a few test/verifications that GitUnrollReroll works. I'm PUMPED to have all my data on my persons 24/7/indefinitely, but I'm scared to proceed forward because there's no turning back from here. I mean sure I can still throw the SD card away (or burn/shred it), BUT I bought a 128gb SD card and I know that SD cards have no secure delete, and I plan on keeping it etc so I know that once the data is written, I can't rewrite it unless I buy another or whatever. It just feels like a decisive step. A semi-costly (lol $70) step. $70 for a new card, but that's only if I change my mind later. If I don't (and I don't plan to), the data is written forever into eternity. I have reduced who I could be into who I am/will-be. Illuminati/etc aside, it's not too late for me to shred everything and start mostly from scratch. I do have an "asshole" name already IRL and on the internet, but it's pretty small so wouldn't matter too much. I could also play the religion card and say that me being an asshole was "before I found god".

To do nothing leaves you infinite direction always. To be a hidden puppeteer gives you the best of both worlds. You can DO with your puppets, learn from the mistakes you made, then start again with new puppets. By using my name I pretty much only have one opportunity to get it right. To get what right? Idfk, life I guess. Living as a hidden puppetteer sound powerful and shit simultanously.

I'm procrastinating like fuck because I am afraid. Knowing is half the battle, so I know I won't sit here long. I almost think it justified. It feels like the final step. Sure I still gotta code ABC (SANS FANCY ACK BULLSHIT, JUST MAKE IT FUNCTIONAL), but that doesn't really change one way or another. This, though. The taking of my LifeShaper output onto a new medium + encryption key, then shredding (physically where appropriate (FUCK FLASH)), has me uneasy. What have I missed? What will I regret?

OT: I want to graph my timeline/timestamp file by "bytesPerDay" or whatever, would be interesting and fun. Still need to join/merge it with the older shit, but that's trivial. I could even code a minimal/trivial/mockup(prototype?) "Timeline" app that lets me click on "objects" (SQUARES MOTHA FUCKA) and view them, all sorted in some fancy graphical timeline shits. I could even release that on launch and would be cool if I added p2p/bittorrent functionality transparent to the user. I can code and I know how to use libs, so it's probably possible with ease (FUNCTIONALLY (had:FUNCTIONALY -- but I think the typo in the L emphasizes my point (now was it intentional via subconscience or just a mistake??)!) (neither [something(resillient?)] or secure)).


It's weird that even though I'm sitting here procrastinating out of fear [of myself, of being successful (relatively)], I can't think of what to change. Not a single thing comes to mind: I'm just sitting here frozen. I'm without a doubt pumped to launch, but I'm still "meh" on the life I've shaped. Am I too brave? Am I too cowardly? I think I'm too brave if anything, but by my own definition I'm also too damn cowardly. I should have shredded nothing. You pussy. Fuck it, if it gets me to launch: SHRED AWAY. This life I've been in for years now, knowing and fantacizing of my destiny "launched", is terrible. I have written about how I hate it too many times. Stop whining and launch.


I thought writing this all out would help me move forward, but it hasn't. Let me procrastinate for a few more days and then I'll throw up sick with my current situation and move forward by default. Ok sweet here's some logic: why wait until you throw up if you're so sure of it? Move forward now to save time gg. I eat logic.