I am afraid of my first grandparent's death because I don't know how I will react. I wonder if I'll be stricken with a thought coma, and be stuck in it until weeks after the funeral. I wonder if my knees will collapse where I stand and if I'll ball my eyes out. I wonder if I'll be un-phased. I have to admit, their unwillingness to be frozen has me slightly less sympathetic for their position. Perhaps when they die I will consider it one of the last wasted lives. I hope to see my friends and family around me frozen solid and I fantacize about a reunion hundreds of years from now. I will readily admit that I might just be batshit insane. Actually I'm pretty damn sure I am, considering sanity is a relative term.


It makes me sad and angry simultaneously. I want to spend time with him (either one of my grandpa' (can't say PARENTS because wtf there is a word missing in the dictionary here)s will probably be first... both women are very healthy relatively speaking). It's out of my control, and that frustrates me. This is nothing new. Humans have been dealing with this ever since there were humans. But it adds to it that we're so-fucking-close to curing aging. At least, that's my hypothesis. Will you wait for it to be proven before coming aboard (idiot.)?


It's just an inevitable day that I don't want to think about. I want time to stop right here and now, as I've said many times before.


First my grandparents, then my parents, then me. Life is a bitch.







My cousin Taylor has that one disease (I forget, it's irrelevant) and I want to make it a shorter term goal in life to freeze his ass. I think he'd say yes. Since he's young his mind is open to more experimentation. He's like 14 or so and I guess he has until 20-30 ??? idk. That gives me 7-16 years to make $80-200k. It will be well spent.


But he's already beating the odds (or maybe medicine is just advancing that fast???). I was told when he was born that he'd die at 9. Perhaps 20-30 will be pushed back to 40-50 by then... and so on and so forth until he dies at a natural age. Technology/medicine are so fucking exciting to watch these days. I'm fortunate to be alive during this information explosion. Just to watch it with my jaw hanging down gaping baffled at the complexity of all knowledge.... sitting [hopefully towards the top?] in my own field, trying to make the best of my life.... and clinging onto the idea of freezing myself because I can't cope with death.