they're already going to be after me, trying to detain or otherwise stop me, because of my dht
companies -> lobbyists -> politicians -> police

i shouldn't give them such an easy route of detaining by doing drugs
am i willing to give up drugs?


ffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk


you're either going to take down the media corporations or you're going to do drugs
it can't be both.

god damnit fuck 2012. i can't be free. perhaps i should just suicide and wait until i'm reincarnated in a few hundred years
OH RIGHT I DON'T BELIEVE IN REINCARNATION _THIS IS IT_ FML




which is more important?

personal pleasure attained from drugs
vs.
freedom of information for everyone attained from destroying [corrupt] media corporations




wow that's actually quite a debate. GET AT IT SUBCONSCIOUS!!!

fuck.



i mean


shit.

like


it's the whole debate
the great debate
fuck religion vs. science, that debate is easy (though religious fags will keep it alive indefinitely)


INDIVIDUAL VS. SOCIETY
who is more important?

obviously in the individual vs. business debate, the individual is more important


but this is SOCIETY

should i devote my life, and sacrifice personal pleasures, for the GOOD OF SOCIETY????????
Fuck.


So tempted to say noooooooooooooooooo
















enter anonymity










should i?
2012 does have that advantage. <3 tor <3 bitcoin


which side of me would be anon?

would i still launch at all?



hide the drugs, launch the media takedown?
hide the takedown, launch the drugs?



in either case, paranoia factors in again. Fuck.



hide both? no launch :(. PARANOIA OVERWHELMS. (unless i anon+lgpl.... hmmmmm....)


the question is: do i care about attribution??????
freedom vs. attribution????


i DO care about attribution
but should i care about freedom (libre) more?

i haven't ever considered separating them before...
attribution is the most basic of any 'license'. the only one that doesn't require it is public domain...



wouuld the attribution just be to some pseudonym???



FUCK :(




fuck.




i like that my immediate route is so simple: code rpc generator, code abc
lots to be done in that area, and the decisions above do not influence it one bit.




BUT RIGHT AROUND WHEN I FINISH ABC THESE DECISIONS NEED TO BE MADE



_____AND THERE IS NO GOING BACK______





wat
do



this is bullshit i want to go live on mars by myself fuck you all
all information should be 'public domain' and anybody should be able to ingest whatever they want. FUCK YOU IF YOU DISAGREE YOU ARE THE ENEMY. YOU MAY 'DISAGREE' BUT IF YOU TRY TO _FORCE_ YOUR DISAGREEMENT UPON ME I FEEL THE URGE TO SHOOT YOU IN THE FACE


should i be so bold?
such a statement would surely land me in prison
...
...
or it could start a revolution~


grow a pair?
is it your 'destiny'?
whether you like it or not?


perhaps

i've thought of this lots


perhaps i bunker myself and hold a gun to my own head?
'if you charge in here to detain me i will blow my brains out'



but then, see here's the thing: they want me dead. i'd be doing them a favor
also: i don't want to be dead :(. i don't want to be a martyr. fuck.


that gunshot would probably more likely start the revolution. the words would be teh prep, but words alone aren't usually enough. humans need content. substance. a martyr suicide is substance. but then i'd be dead. my life would cease to exist. everything would cease to exist.

individual vs. society

fuck.


'born too soon' much?
gah.

idk wtf to do anymore
i was so set on launching but now i'm questioning everything
it's good to question everything but....



idfk.


i need to balance:
cowardice-to-stay-alive
vs.
not taking any shit, not letting them hold me down, not letting them strip me of my freedom







FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKK



i think if i was a prison-martyr that i would simply rot. going to prison is not enough 'substance'. the people would scratch their heads and watch and some would be outraged, but nothing would happen. i'd sit and rot. basically as good as dead. might as well be dead. and a suicide in prison would have way less impact/statement than a suicide upon 'breach'.
and i'd be dead.











fuck you all. fuck every one of you. i hate this world. i know what bliss is. i know how to attain it. i just don't know how to be left alone once i am there.


bunker busters thwart any 'defend myself' plan
as do nukes (but eh precision strikes are much more likely)


i feel pissed off right now
pissed off that i don't have a solution to this


perhaps i should just live in the shadows and take out my anger on 'them'
the bastards.
i could do many things, but paranoia will factor in.

1) dht/lgpl/anon-fuck-attribution-anyways
2) drugs
3) kill 'the bastards' left and right. take pleasure in it.



paranoia will eat me alive
but
..........
.............


my other options don't seem viable any longer.


i want to be open
i want to be free
but if you won't let me...
i will kill you.



eh?



am i committing to that?
certainly not [at this time]


but entertaining the idea.... surely.


you have driven me to this
you bastards
fuck you.





could i settle with weed?
i FUCKING LOVE psychedellics

and what about dmt?
i've never done dmt :-/
i could do it _BEFORE_ launch

but my whole life goal is to try to record and bring back from it experience
to be ready for what i learn
fingers should be attached just in case, but it's not likely they'll come into use

to teach myself to speak in my sleep
etc

with hope that i can ramble while tripping on dmt~

my first dmt trip will be the best
most significant
etc

need to record/document it







god fucking damnit
zeus fucking damnit



and 5meo of course too
i want to do that at least once a year
AT LEAST

but i'd have to give it up??????
fuuuuuuuck.
my favorite drug
clarity/purity


i'd surely be raided
perhaps even within minutes of 'launch'
should i be winky?
but then i am not 100%
fuck.


there is no bliss
it is unattainable

that is not true

but with other humans around on this earth (which is true), it is impossible to attain
fuck you all.

my head hurts