Good writers write, pussies edit.


(to Aunt Robyn today): Laziness and Time Efficient are basically the same thing (I did the hand "balance" thing as I talked)


TV and Movies make people want to grow up and be in TV and Movies. Instead, be the person they make movies about (I've already done this (sorta, because I've written a metric fuck ton (but still haven't launched so eh)), so this is a statement to my audience).


Love is like premature optimization. It seems/feels good NOW, but it can keep you from achieving your goals. Love is my goal though, so fuck. foreveralone.jpg

Extended: Love/guilt (for lover and/or children) DEMANDS of you that you focus entirely/moreso on "protecting your environment". I have no love (or an insufficient amount), so the only way I can live a fulfilling life is to minddump/code-full-blast(brah). I'm glad I don't have the polar extremes of "her or evil" (I've used pure logic to change it to "her or good-full-blast"), but I can't help but notice the blatant contradiction: that I would be fulfilled in "ultra protect environment" mode if I have [sufficient] love. It both makes sense and makes none at all. We hold back for the ones we love, but/because we want the "best" for them. "Best" for them might (hypothesis) be living "full blast", doing something you are passionate about (c0d3 sup).... so what then when they grow up and "hold themselves back" for the ones they love? It's a vicious cycle. Hence, love is like a premature optimization. It's key to remember that there's no "divine plan" or any plan at all. We get to be subjective about what we want to do with our lives. We get to make it up. So it both makes sense and it doesn't. Love is a premature optimization if you have ambitious goals, but love is enough for some (ME!?!?!?!?). I forget and re-remember that I'd have to "be myself" (full blast) in order to feel (to myself) that I'm not sociopathic ("she has to see the real me").... and after that bit of logic hits me upside the head, I deduce that there isn't an option of "holding back" anymore. Censoring (HUGELY -- something I consider on a daily basis STILL) is sociopathic.