The original thought: how many men have died in the name of religion? More specifically: in all eternity, what percentage of men have died for religion rather than for reasonable purposes?

1% of infnity is still infinity.
0.00000000000000001 (etc) percent of infinity is STILL inifinity.

The concept of infinity and percentage thereof are incompatible.


I try to calculuate risk of death.

I try to calculate risk of injury.

Etc.

But there are infinite of me. There is infinite time at the very least (not for me, but in general), therefore there are infinite occurances of me.

Any such calculation can only result in SOME percentage (beit 0.0000000001% chance of death or 99.9999999999% chance of death).

Such calculations are meaningless.

It is hard to grasp and comprehend and swallow and accept......... and more importantly..... to...... believe, embrace, etc (sorry but I just ran out of words here)... but it makes sense, logically.

Logic is a tool and a distractor.


I watched a movie the other day that said fear of death is what drives all (had:mean) men. It was Alexander I just remembered. I agree and disagree simultanously. Fear of death does drive all men, but only into fearful and submissive roles. A lack of fear of death (such as when one is suicidal and craving death (;-P)), is the prerequisite to achieving ambition (any). Sure I'm faced with the infinite toggling dilemma ((had: I fear death so that I)I crave suicide so that I do not fear death so that I plan my suicide in such a "fun" way that I revert to craving living, then wimp out on my "fun" plans and fear death again [until I become suicidal again and the cycle repeats]), but I'm still able to analyze it abstractly and to realize that Alexander was somewhat wrong. Yes a fear of death drives all men; but it drives them into being careful, not brave.

They don't push the limits, they find comfort (I am guilty of this living with my parents still, OT perhaps).


New subject: It is true that a good man, or a man who desires to be good (sup), needs to, for his own conscience, use the justice system to fight evil. I understand that argument and even agree with it for the most part. However, fuck you society. The system is corrupt. The system is broken. When the system is broken and corrupt and ruled by evil men, kill them with pleasure and bathe in their blood. Let not your conscience punish you for "breaking the law". When the law is defined by evil men (such as in the United States of America in 2014), it is up to the (had:accepting)acknowledging-his-own-evil desiring-to-be-good man to slit the fucking throats of the pretending-to-be-good-but-ambiguously-bad politician/policeman/etc and to insert his penis into said throat slits and enjoy the warmth of blood.

Justice is deserving, yes; but there is certainly a point where a society (had:existence) is so corrupt that justice cannot serve it's purpose. There is a weakness in goodness and society and love: ambiguity. We are certainly fucked unless we oppose justice. Justice is great and good and I love the concept, but it's still failing me/us and so should [probably] be ignored. There is a turning point. Are we at it? Are we beyond it? Are we approaching it? I hate that I am alive in this day where perhaps violence is still needed. Oh how I crave peace and chillin and sup. I observe the world around me and see shit polished into gold. The least worst things are presented as diamond. Everything revolves around money and it makes me want to puke. Such simple humans I share this sphere with. Simple yet dangerous.

The chances of me surviving should I take them on (in whatever way I decide) are 0.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001% ;-P