omfg so many tangents
3 i count

1) the problem that has something to do with infinity that i just need to be able to write to solve! (probably)
2) forget

fuck it

THE PROBLEM!!!!
is
*goes back and reads*
shit just closed it
oh good thing i just now saved it and chose a filename that i remember rofl. would have been pissed and gave up otherwise (if i scramble-filename'd it)

i think kaylee was 3? or perhaps accounted for separately? idfk.

still can't find or figure out the problem or how to think about it
it's BECAUSE i'm trying to pinpoint it that it hides
i'm digging it up from my subconscious
but i could be doing better if i was reading that instead of writing this!
need to get that description that i vaguely remember "seeing"? (in mah mind (had:head ;-))) into words so i can rest in peace
fuck that shit all i need is kaylee.


i do actually wonder if i'd have the.... guts...?? to still launch in some form or another if i was in a relationship with kaylee, even if it started sometime in the [perhaps-not-too-distance(or-am-i-wishfully-thinking(or-holy-shit-is-she-falling-for-my-charm(fuck-yea-reality-and-i-know-she-will-love-me-once-she-gets-to-know-me-so-i-don't-feel-guily-for-the-lulling)))] future from when i'm writing this.


like...
i... feel like...


today was.....
proning?
is that even a fucking word?

like what i mean to say in a translated/nerd/military sense: recon. may have lost some meaning (certainly the nicety of it!) in translation as well


like fuck
i don't konw if it's a word
but "seeing if she could even be around... or get used to being around... someone"
is that called courtship?
what the fuck is proning?
going prone in a videogame is laying on your stomach (actually that's irl but... uhh... ok...)


i said to a fucking hot ass jailbait (or at least in front of her) who was in a suicide watch insanity ward (short term care) talking with her parents (her back to me): *to my sister: that timeout room looks fun* *her:idk about that (or something alone these lines)**me: looks relaxing*. I do think it to be true (OH SHIT THE *PROBLEM*) but I could be wrong because I've never been in one (though I want to get an isolation chamber and the works (sometimes you just know your mind... just like I knew I'd love psychedellics (their description is appealing))).


back to the problem, if i can even locate it remotely i think i can solve it. just gotta keep re-reading that paragraph (which idfk i am so confus)

oh yea, it was why the alternate evolutions/ai/perhaps-nothing-actually-who-knows would lock up at that point of processing and why I do not? I can think outside the box, even with your description OF the box? or something? I am actually quite sure I explained that WRONG.

ahh context matters with it
i have over-explained things twice before on this very night, so it was a refernece to them. the first time was hella overkill and had it's own coolness ofwhich is completely lost! fuck.

"i explained that i explained this yada fucking yada"
but then he catches himself explaining what he's about to explain?
god damnit who even cares, you (the fucking reader) get what i'm TRYING to say. sorry robots, you can't interpret as well so my shitty describing skills will hurt the early versions of your software (which might only factor in for... like... seconds? (days/years more likely but WHO KNOWS))


AI is definitely possible because we are here. To me a "computer and software" and "human body (incl brain) and mind (it being elecriticity or whatever something flowing around in the brain SOMEHOW doing SOMETHING (which is probably key to solving AI btw))" are equal parrallels. It boggles me when I think that in a sense I am coding mind.
I am not coding mind in that I am coding the outcome of my mind, but I am coding mind because our mind is composed (therefore, IS) of software (or it's hardware equivalent (big fucking gotcha here but i am immmmmmuuuuunnnneeeee muahahahahaha)). Though then again maybe I'm not associating correctling. Just because all mind is software does not mean all software is mind! To be perfectly honest I don't know the answer to that. Solving it does sound possible but it sounds like a task for someone else in a different field. Patience.

Back to the problem, no wait am I actually solving it?
I don't think so, I am just getting on the right track. It started there but then somehow ended up talking about infinity (thinking about? referencing? yea.)


basically i'm trying to figure out free will.

if everything i've done i've done infinite times before and everything i do i will do infinite times again (and even if "now" isn't happening infinite times simultanously (though it'd be a cool added effect if it was))
i know i've said that before
but i still feel like i'm crossing the railroad track in a different direction
what the fuck
those railroad spinner things
so i was the car
now i'm the train :-P


OH YEA

because there is no answer to it!
it is unsolvable
so you need to learn (or: re-learn ;-P) how to cope with not having an answer and letting the legitimate illusion (at the VERY least) be sufficient entertainment and/or landscape and/or "life" etc etc

so when the ai experiences that moment where he CONFIRMS (just like i just did) that everything happened before and everything happens again, his mind gets stuck attempting to answer the question of "what is free will?" and/or "do we have free will?" or something along those lines and perhaps even arriving at "what is the meaning of life?" and then ultimately perhaps "what is the question?"

there is no question
oh btw, *A* question that can be formed when searching for the question is: have i thought up a candidate/solution to the question yet?

solution sounds wrong, but also fits perfect. it should make sense if it doesn't, ask someone. if it sounds confusing, drop the word solution.

because solution implies being an answer to the question itself, which we have not even established and are searching for!

i guess a better form of it: have i thought up the question yet?


fuck yea
ok 
oops
meant to write fuck it
but i am happy still
i was about to summarize and sign off
i am pretty sure i answered the problem. it wasn't that interesting after all


The illusion of free will is enough for me and the illusion of FEEL (at the very least) is also enough for me. So I will live with it and enjoy it. I will try to will myself (which is, ironically, willing yourself!?!?!? (ACTUALLY, whether or not it is depends on whether or not this can be proven real, which it cannot (or was that not it and it had something to do with infinity again? i forget))) into an illusion of free will where my person is successful or something (lol wtf idk zoned out for a while after writing below and like idfk spacin it for a while. was originally left of at "my person is" lmfao definitely incomplete but yea i mean i don't know if i am willing myself into launching but i don't care so long as it happens. see?



thinking about caydon depresses the fuck out of me right now