drugs

the challenge:

being able to communicate and identify (and i guess... request) drugs with a public eye on me
vs.
not letting the dea have 'probable cause' to raid me and search and sieze the substances because they decoded the 'communication system'

winky winky probably won't work
code names definitely won't work


i need to have a valid means of claiming "unwarranted search and seizure" (is that the right spelling of seizeure? isn't that where the body convluses?? idfk)
it's my only hope methinks

"YOU CAN'T KNOW I WASN'T SMOKING SALT ON TOP OF MY (WOOT LEGAL) WEED"
etc

but the more difficult part is getting it in the pipe/bong/vape to begin with... clearly

also: "YOU CAN'T KNOW I WASN'T SNORTING PIXIE DUST" :-P



it's a crime that using substance enhancements to explore your own brain is a crime



FUCK YOU


yes there are arguments
genuinely valid arguments
not everything associated with drugs is peachy
but zeus fucking damnit, i am not harming a single person!
'do no harm'
FUCK OFF LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!!!!!!!!


similarly, not everything associated with drugs is negative!!!!
fucking bastards.
weed just became legal (in CO/WA). that's proof of my above claim.




i think it's utterly silly to think of going private (for a large'ish portion) just for drugs
that's silly and indicative of a druggie, letting the drugs shape his life (well technically i'm letting them shape my life too lmfao :-P)
drugs aren't worth going private for
they are, at best, worth going private for .000000001% of the time... just to attain/consume
sucks that i have to
but it does appear to be the case
i don't think i can fool DEA agents with code words etc
i also can't brag about what i'm consuming lmfao
i don't even think i can endorse drugs?
can i?
i WANT to
but can i?
"freedom of speech" MY ASS
fucking bastards
kill yourselves, you're a waste of air

maybe after aquiring/consuming a drug i can RANDOMLY proclaim: "i love <the-drug-i-just-consumed>"
it's just a statement
but idk the DEA could probably convince a judge to give them a warrant for probable cause after too many of those....
fucking bastards. leave me alone!!!

i guess i might even be able to use the "i love <drug>" as a way of requesting it?
i'd still probably need to go private to retrieve it, attain it, communicate what it is... or something
confusing shit



can't even factor in the potential poisoning of random drugs received.... lmfao (and yea yea this is a [fail] argument against not using drugs (counter = REGULATE AND IT WOULDN'T HAPPEN BASTARDS! IT'S YOUR FAULT THERE ARE POISONINGS TO BEGIN WITH.... FUUUUUUCKKKK YOUUUUUUU))



figuring out how to get them to begin with is challenging enough