death is hard to comprehend
"and then you're just gone"
there is no waking up
you don't see yourself laying on the bed
you see nothing
you think nothing
you won't miss yourself or your friends or family
you simply cease to exist
for that reason, there is nothing to be afraid of
you could die in 5 minutes and be none the wiser

a thought stewing in my brain lately (it's just a fancy SOUNDING quote):
"my only regret is that i won't get to see my spectacular death"

added in the word spectacular now
and it definitely isn't my only regret :-P
but it sure is a cute quote ^_^

it could be the most elaborate and... uhh.... whatcha-ma-jigger chain reaction machine.... fancy schmancy eye-candy.... planned out death [that you still don't see coming]

movies and books and etc etc
but you'll never see it
JFK doesn't know how he died, so he also doesn't know that there's tons of people theorizing etc about who the killer was



i am still afraid of death
but i should be more afraid of being afraid of death -nixon (rite?)
i spend too much time thinking about it

especially since infinite multiverse theory means it doesn't matter
sure the old age death will [probably] always catch up
but the assassinations will be averted from multiverse theory

it sound preposterous

but then, so does our existence (which can only exist when infinity does)

infinity exists, therefore we exist, therefore multiverse exists, therefore i should not fear assassination


maybe someday if i am frozen and live indefinitely then we can merge our multiverses (unlikely but you never know) and i can look at my spectacular deaths~

shit would be so cash


but then if you REALL think about it, they'd be boring too

because there would just be every variation of every death

you couuld THINK up a death and then just keep on pressing 'next' (so to speak) until you see the very thing you imagined

infinite multiverse theory guarantees that all of the above is not only possible, but it will happen.



so i guess like i just like close my eyes and WILL IT???
lol.


what if jim morrison had a doctor standing by? 'heart problems' zzzzzzz so easy to fix these days....



i laugh at the preposterity (err sp? wat?) of my theories
but then i submit to ignorance/infinity
i know not what is possible
but i am PRETTY DAMN SURE infinity exists....

so idk
the flow of logic follows...

where exactly does it become preposterous?
i guess just the end result: everything happens

even if infinite multiverse theory does exist, my theory about always being in the most recent (non-assassinated) one isn't necessarily true
unless you factor in the fact that you can't.... NOT... exist
or something~
i dunno lol

a conscious 'jumps'
but it doesn't 'jump'
it just ceases to exist
WHICH YOU ARE NEVER AWARE OF
therefore, you can only be 'AWARE' of universes/dimensions in which you still exist

silly and logical simultaneously
i don't know what the fuck to think.