Dreams:
1) Baseball, "go fuck yourself". Outfield couldn't throw
2) Sour Worms, Fishing Worms, Garrison split head, phone call
3) Record confession and/or treasonous talk, fucking google video ad won't stfu


1) I was playing baseball and in center field and every time I got the ball hit at me, I just couldn't throw it for shit. I was terrible and I remember even missing an easy single bouncing ground ball and having to go chase it. My throws were ridiculously weak (but tbh, they are weak IRL too :-P). Pretty much every time, they'd bounce before making it to Daniel (short stop). He was used to my shitty throws, and I pondered in the dream if whether him and his dad (and probably his brother) would laugh at me (my skillz) behind my (and my father's) back. They probably did and they are/were justified in doing so. I was mediocre at best. Batting/running I would say I was somewhat decent at... and that shit was way more fun too. Speaking of batting, onto the next part of the dream (2 parts with a blur in between): I was the batter up but I wasn't paying attention so I wasn't ready. The pitcher/etc started going without me, as per the rules, and by the time I got up there he was already on strike 3. I barely got to the plate and even if I wanted to swing I would have fell forward in doing so because I hadn't stopped/settled yet (so I didn't swing). "Strike 3", to which I replied: "what happened to strikes one and two?". "You missed them". "Go fuck yourself", I said to the ump and calmly walked away. I heard him talking to basically himself: "Did anyone else here that?". A few fans from the opposing team confirmed it. "Under rule blah blah blah using cuss words against the ump blah blah blah the team forfeits the game blah blah blah". Everyone on the team was pretty pissed at me but I didn't really give a fuck. I was waiting for my dad to say "where did you learn to talk like that", but it never came... he probably knew better than to ask such a dumb.


2) I was in a store and looking for 50 cent pack of sour gummy worms to eat, and I ended up getting fishing hooks with like plasticky gummy (not edible) worms on them on accident. Someone, I think Garrison, pointed it out to me at or around the time I was checking out, but I just got them anyways (or maybe I had already gotten them, idfk). So we/I went fishing. It was a fishing hole (like one in ice, except not ice) in a country club dining area. I think I was standing on a ladder of sorts. God damn my subconscience is such a great artist! WHY WOULD I EVER WANT TO STRIP HIM OF CONTROL?!?! I pull out a fucking massive tuna or some kind of fish, the thing was like 20lbs or, since I don't know how to eyeball fish weight: 2.5ft by 1ft. Pretty fucking massive. My first thought is: "well that was definitely worth 50 cents!" (free market/capitalism sup). I also remember, sorry for going backward, hooking the fishing hook into a fish already dead... and perhaps using that one as bait. It didn't make sense because when I was doing the actual fishing, it was just the gummy lure. The hooking of the dead fish, and I remember struggling to get the hook through both sides of his lips, too place before the blur. Garrison or whoever said: "come on man it's dead just hook it" or something. Ok back to the shit: Right as I was pulling the massive fish out of the hole, it was dangling in the air and I/we were afraid the line was going to break, so Garrison went down and grabbed it with a stick and a mattress. The stick was to poke it (around where the hook was), and the mattress was for it to land on. I don't remember seeing exactly what happened, just that Garrison's fucking head somehow became split open by the fish. The dream didn't make much sense because idk how a fish could have given him such a huge gash. Compared to the gash he already had earlier this year, this one was way the fuck bigger. The entire top of his head was split open (though his skull was still in tact): his left and right sides peeled. I scrambled to call 911 and also announced to the crowd of country club go'ers (snobs, etc) that we needed a doctor. I was sure that there were plenty of doctors in the room, and somehow I knew I was right too. I called 911 just to be safe and explained what happened and that we had doctors present (I was waiting for one of them to say "he needs an ambulance || he needs to go to the hospital (sameshit)" and I'd relay it asep). I don't remember seeing any of the doctors working on/looking at Garrison, but I also don't remember NOT seeing them. I think the part of the dream was too focused on the phone call, idfk. So Kaylee comes up and takes the phone from me and she looks like she's about to demand an ambulance, whether one is needed or not. I don't object or anything and the dream ends right about here.


3) I was either a cop or making a citizen's arrest and I had a pretty notorious criminal in the back seat and he was talking about something that caught my attention, and I asked him if he'd like to talk about it while being recorded. I don't remember the details of what he was talking about. I grabbed a voice recorder "pen", which was a thicker than normal pen and hell this one even had a video touch screen on it! I pressed new recording and it was recording but just a few moments after the guy in the back seat started speaking, a fucking Google Video Advertisement started playing and interrupting. I pressed "pause" on it and it stopped. He continued speaking but then the fucking ad started playing again -_-. I had to "remove" the video from the "playlist" / "timeline" (the GUI actually looked pretty pro (because _I_ made it (in the dream) muahahaha)) in order for it to not play anymore. I think the dream is/was deriving from an experience I had on halloween trying to get Pandora to play on my mom's laptop. On the radio station page, there was a Google Video ad on the same page... so the two would interfere with one another. GOOD FUCKING GAME GOOGLE/PANDORA... YOU FUCKING NOOBS (KILL YOURSELVES). Anyways yea I asked the guy in the back seat if he wanted to make another recording, and he was like "well yea I barely said anything before". This also reminds me of my own experiences tripping balls and trying to record myself. SO MUCH HAS BEEN LOST (because of Google). It might have instead just been stolen. Fuck it, I'm over it.