If I was to take, or attempt to take, the private/hacker/anon/secure route in life, I'd probably way overdo it and essentially live in a fucking foil suit. Sounds like a great life (/s)! Or a fucking foil bubble or something idk. I'm reminded of a picture in my /b/ folder showing some nerdy ass hacker who has foil all over his walls. When looking at that I always thought it was to block radio waves/etc (and actually I'm probably right)... but hell it could also block aliens from infrared logic probing your CNS ;-P. Using the "tin foil all over walls in a given room" is insecure if you ever leave the house. Adversaries could sneak in and plant a tiny camera on the inside of the foil and thwart your security attempts :-P. Of course if you're as 1337 as that guy, you probably never go outside xD.

I'm starting to think I need to get a giant foil blanket (enough to cover my WHOLE body) and to carry it with me at all times (shit!). If I didn't then they could probably sew in a tiny camera when I'm not around... and they'd eventually get lucky that the sewed camera is facing my fingers when I type (or they could just sew in lots of cameras lol).

I seriously wish I didn't have to store a password in my brain and take all these security measures. It's tiring/boring/stressful/speech-restricting.



Ok separate train of thought going in a completely different direction:
I never "store" any money. I don't accept donations or earn money in any way. When I need money for food/rent/computer-equipment, I put up a request or [????? turn on a business for a few seconds? what?] SOMETHING I HAVE NO IDEA HOW THIS PART WOULD WORK REALLY BECAUSE FUCK BEGGING...... and then the funds are sent to me and then I immediately spend them. I would be much more free and frugal etc. Or I could just skip the "me" step and say "someone order me a pizza plz?" and then it just shows up.

On one hand the idea has a "purity" to it that I like... on the other I could probably never buy expensive things. You know, things I'd have to save up for (a fucking jet comes to mind). Rent/mortage/food/even-computer-equipment would probably work though!

Still, the fact that I couldn't run a [series of] business[es] 24/7/365 severly limits things. The method would have to rely on the community and/or begging type shit.

Another variation: I hook up all my business ideas to simply pay my friends and they can secure their shit however they want (transferring to a bank if they choose). It is/becomes their money. When I make a request for food/rent/equipment, it is that same group of friends who step in and either pay for it directly or give it to me and then I instantly spend it.

I wouldn't need to memorize any passwords because the private key generated for a bitcoin address could be stored in memory on the machine and would become irrelevant in a matter of minutes, after I spend them.

The method would very likely work because my friends lose very little by buying me shit here and there. In the long run they'd be getting tons of money so it would be "worth the cost" ;-) to them. There would be no contractual obligations, written or otherwise, for them to give me money when I ask for it. They just would.

If the money gets jacked then I don't give a shit because it wasn't my money anyways. THEY now have the burden of securing it... using any number of methods which I'd be more than happy to help them with (refer them to my ultra paranoid's guide ;-P).

It might become a hassle for them to be constantly giving me money for tons of various/tedious items... but eh in the end they'd probably still be happy.

This method would work best for me, mentally, if I NEVER saw the amount of money being sent to my friends. Ignorance is bliss. It would be hard to properly file taxes... but shit automated and/or outsourced via accountant could very likely accomplish it.

"I'll make you rich if you give me peace of mind"

I'm not too into this idea, for obvious reasons... but it's certainly something to consider. Maybe in the distant future I'll get all my shit hacked and be left broke and without a decent security mechanism... and then I'll come back to this idea and say fuck it and do it. Or maybe the stress from having to hold onto a key will get to me and that'll be the reason.