1) Hollow tooth
2) Hoodie Guy


Both of these dreams were like 1 second tops


1) All I remember is a hollow tooth, and I think it was my tooth that's already mostly hollow (a filling fell out).


2) I was sleeping on my bed with my head facing my desk/computers, because I'm a paranoid motherfucker, and I was running GitUnrollReroll and if anyone walked in while I was asleep (I was home alone lawl) and simply turned on my monitor, they could have full access to my "autobackup" (pre-censored) folder, and the screen itself without any action on their part would have told them censored filenames. It was running (taking a while, so I went to sleep) on my testbox, which has more or less no security (no password, no screensaver, no encryption (BUT ALSO NO STORAGE fuck yea DVD-R live debian ;-P)). So the way I was sleeping was so that I would be able to hear/see if someone came in I suppose. I'd probably hear them anyways, but when I'm hella tired it's much easier to just open my eyes than to have to roll over, ya know? So that's how I slept. My dream recreated the exact same visual frame that I saw while laying there awake. It was just a brief moment, but a figure in a hoodie, who I'm pretty damn sure was me (in an alternate universe? my subconscience? idfk), like tapped me on the head OR pulled my head upwards lightly OR pulled my hand up kinda. Basically a sort of "get up, wake up" tug/tap/???... idfk hard to explain and I barely remember it. I also vaguely remember a person over to my left standing on the other side of my chair, but that person may have been absent and inserted retroactively (seconds) out of paranoia. The hoodie figure ducked right as I "awoke" (for real) and by the time I woke up he was ducked down beside my bed (out of sight for me laying there). I was _SO_ sure that there was actually a person there that I called out (awake): "hello?". I leaned over the side of my bed expecting to see him, but nobody was there, and I realized it was just a dream (or a fast ninja who jacked my data :-P).

I'm lately intrigued (confused, really) by the concept of a subconscience. I mean it's sort of always been somewhat interesting, but I'm giving it a lot more focus lately... I want to understand it from a high level like I finally do my life. I even understand emotion better than I understand my subconscience (although... I'm pretty damn sure they're heavily linked so maybe not as much as I think...).

Who is this buried person in the depths of my brain? Is he/it happy or living in "hell" (perhaps only able to observe (with exception to dreams))? Why can't we communicate plainly? I can send imagery to him/it, and he/it can send imagery to me... so why is communication between us not more concrete? Surely two intelligent(*) beings can communicate using imagery (sign language, let alone full on paintings).

I'm trying to think of a time I've seen writing in a dream. Maybe I have, but off the top of my head I can't think of any.

*Intelligent subconscience = ?
SYMBOLISM denotes intelligence
SYMBOLISM denotes GENIUS
so what the fuck?
Dreams are full of symbolism and beautiful imagery...
If I am definitely able to send images to he/it (else, he'd have nothing to base dreams off of!), and he/it is a motherfucking genius, why then can I not request an ACK of sorts? I say PING and all I want is a PONG, instead I freaking leak most of my password into my online box the very same day (I've not done that ever with that password, and I've been using it for years now). Maybe it was just coincidence/carelessness, but why didn't I see an elephant? It wasn't that difficult of a Ping/Request to Pong/Ack/Fulfill...

Maybe I should give it/him more options: Maybe it/he (fuck it just gonna go with 'it' for now) didn't show an elephant because it didn't want me to think that it's 'separate' from me. I mean, I know it's not separate... but guh I can't even explain what I'm trying to say: A separate module (therefore entity) vs. simply a part of me (inline, embedded, etc). Maybe I should give a few options. Maybe I should take it slow and play the 20 question game: OK SUBCONSCIENCE, ARE YOU A THING, A PLACE, OR A [fuck I can't remember how to play this game]?

Fuck it, but I still do think the hoodie character was both me and my subconscience. Psbly even an h4x0r from alternate universe doing [??????].

The subconscience has a more tangible and/or searchable information base than does the "where did existence come from?" question/problem. They're both hella confusing, but I think the subconscience can be deciphered further whereas existence probably cannot.