do i want to be recognized in public
is really it
if i am not recognized in public, i am safe(ish)

i was thinking about it the other night while on a walk in my pajamas (the same walk as the 'pretty rave girl' doc)

i was visualizing myself as having already launched
a car drove by
and i thought "well shit if i was launched/live/FAMOUS/etc they'd probably stop and come up to me and try to talk to me and bullshit"
in fact tons of people would probably come and swarm me within minutes/seconds of going outside
maybe not at first but eventually

for starters, those dipshits that make a career out of taking pictures exist
though i'd probably put them out of business (for myself) because i'd be broadcasting so wtf is an outside picture going to accomplish?

still i mean the point/question that came up:
DO I WANT the car to stop?


i contradict myself with the answer
no i want to be left alone fuck off i don't care about your opinions
vs
i want others to approach me because i'm a shy fucking bastard


the second one mostly only relates to females (gold diggers ;-P), but shit i mean at the end of the day males do factor in because programmers tend to be males lmfao... and i do have big software... intentions...



guh i don't fucking know what i want anymore
i know i don't want FAME
but i know it will come regardless
(my subconscious might want fame)

launching and going public allows for collaboration (at the cost of fame)
it also lets me not be 'jacked'
and increases assassination chances
and increases getting laid chances (THEY WILL ALL BE GOLD DIGGERS.. BUT A HOLE IS A HOLE IS A HOLE IS A HOLE)

staying private means no collaboration (unless i anonymously outsource... which is definitely doable... and no fame required! just moneys!)
but i can be jacked
decreases assassination chances
and can still get laid by hiring prostitutes (i have money in pretty much every fucking scenario i envision) or perhaps even a gold digger (they go after even the middle class these days.... rofl @ economy)



it's like the old saying
can't have your cake and eat it too
WELL FUCK YOU IF YOU CUT DECENT SIZES YOU CAN
just how much cake do you want to look at vs. how much do you want to eat?
gah this analogy is retarded



i want privacy because i hate people but i want to go public because i don't want to be jacked because i don't trust people (which causes me to hate them ;-P)
i wonder if that's circular reasoning
i don't think so....
but it's still hilarious



i don't know what to do


i mean sure i know what to do: code rpc generator -> abc
fucking easy
but i don't know what to do with abc once it's done
i feel like this is more important shit

not REALLY, because i'd like to move out and be financially independent
but THIS factors in because i don't know HOW i'd like to be financially independent (except that i want it)
do i want a "front"
or do i want everything to be in the open?

it very much matters

yes i can code rpc generator and abc and THEN decide
but it's on my mind NOW so fuck it i might as well think the thoughts while they're fresh


god, what the fuck am i going to do with my life
at least i have options now
i have loads of plans and ideas but now i just need to sort them all out


WAIT A MINUTE I'VE BEEN AT THAT POINT FOR FUCKING YEARS NOW
bahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha


now i have more of a hard plan formulated i guess
and even code started
i have an a->b plan
whereas before i didn't know what i wanted (b) to be
an advertising agency is BORING AS SHIT but will pay the bills
oh balls i can even be a search engine too whoop-de-fucking-do
email provider yada yada yada so boring
d3fault, fingers, ETC, is what peeks my interest
i can't remember if it's peek or peak
but i know the QIODevice one is peek so i keep sticking with that :-P



god damnit i am wasting time
i could be using fingers right this very moment
i could have it assembled within a matter of days and have decent enough software to make some shitty sounding music within a week
fffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
i am wasting it
this precious finite 'life'
DO SOMETHING
ANYTHING
it's clear that you want fingers (and the mobility that comes with it!!!!)


deciding what that 'something'/'anything' is is becoming difficult
i mean i have plenty of 'somethings'
gah i'm repeating myself now
fuck off steven. just fuck right off.

look man
look
just
like
gah
don't
try so fucking hard
for.... perfection
you were doing that earlier with your code
rpc generator
it is like grinding to a hault
you can always think of something 'more perfect'

WELL FUCK YOU D3FAULT
i am steven
i only have one life
so my planning the rest of my fucking life is somewhat important
if you don't agree then you can fuck right off


yay multiple personality syndrome :-P (except clearly not)



it is important but you can definitely overplan it
KISS
keep it minimal
NO WAIT
GO FULL BLAST
gah
KISS (launch asep) vs. GO FULL BLAST
wot
i guess they aren't COMPLETE contradictions
i could KISS to launch asep and THEN go full blast...
yea
yea
do that!
fuck.
so what is KISS then?
aside from a stupid acronym
that doesn't help me at all!
fuck you!!!!


abc -> launch
what content will i release at launch eh???
all of it?
fuck.
none of it?
then how will i release it while public 100%?
or will i not be 100%
see this is _NOT_ KISS

it is not a simple matter
it is me choosing/deciding what to do with my one life
at least... what will seem like one life...

'been here before and will be here again' MAY VERY WELL BE TRUE... but i certainly don't remember any previous times and i won't remember this.... next time. so FUCK.


whether infinite multiverse theory is true or not: to my appearance
err, to my perspective*
it only seems like one
that is true
definitely true
so i need to make the best of it
not waste it
yada yada

still the concept of "splitting" (living in others where i die in some) might be true
it's just that it's entirely transparent to me
from my perspective it does not happen (this is why it is impossible to prove)

my head's all over the place


ANONYMITY SOUNDS _FUN_
it really does
i am born at the beginning of an era where anonymity is harness'able
does that necessarily mean that i should harness it???
guh, i just don't know
i just don't fucking know

thinking about it is causing me distress
i want my decisions to be made for me
perhaps i should flip coins and shit
but am i allowed to disobey them?
YES
FUCKING YES
that's it!!!!
flip coins, obey them whenever the fuck you feel like it
if you obey them, either:
a) you genuinely didn't give a shit whether it's heads or tails
b) you wanted the side it landed on all along

and since you are allowed to disobey them at any given moment: you always do what you want!
it helps you power through
it is merely a helper of deciding!
it only works for decisions with 2 options (or maybe not? i could rig a PRNG but then choosing an 'alternate' becomes a lot more difficult when deciding to disobey the random)

so shit, i'll try it right this very instant:
heads = public (yes, i do clearly want public (i always assign what i WANT to heads)) <---- gah doesn't that mean i should just go with it since i'll be disobeying the coin anyways?
tails = private (why am i even still writing this, what is the point of the coin flip?)

ok i didn't flip a coin but that was good
i clearly definitely want to go public

but do i want to go 100% public or do i want to go partial public partial private???
is a coin flip going to help?
heads = 
tails =


gah
unable to assign
FUCK THIS SHIT

100% public = heads
there i did it in reverse (i thought up '100% public first (which might actually be an indicator ;-P))
partial both = tails

hmm actually i do think i'm leaning towards partial both
i haven't even flipped the coin still
fuck it

wow am i?

ok now...

illusion of 100%
vs.
let them know i am not 100%



hmmmmm
yep flipping beause i can't decide for that one
tough.
(and keep in mind this is all just a test to see if this flipping with overridable power is a good potential solution)
ok so i landed tails = let them know i am not 100%
but i am actually... considering negating it
like, i feel slightly compelled to do so
this coin trick really does help

tbh though: i am still undecided between those two (though i guess this DOES mean i have decided that 'partially both' is the option i'm going with!!!????!!!???!!!!???)


like i feel compelled to maintain the illusion... only because i have the capability of maintaining the illusion
i think i could get a fucking noble prize (typo on purpose because i'm thinking of starting my own committee called that and being the only judge and only contestant and then just giving myself a fucking hand job because it's all arbitrary anyways) for it
"look how he demonstrated that even someone who is broadcasting live 24/7/365 '100%' can still maintain a lie"
it's an achievement and a great way to "prove a point" so to speak

my limits for the hidden private life would only be: revive committee rules. laws of man. etc.

<3 copyright violations galore fuck the police


could i kill?
yes
i could
in self defense
only
if someone threatens me i can using my private persona hire a hitman to take them out
it's that simple
the revive committee rules would approve methinks

the police cannot protect me
that's just a common fucking fact
as much as i want to believe in the justice system etc
it's just bullshit. i will be fucking killed

and shit, tbh i am LUCKY if someone threatens me publically and allows me to attack first
fucking lucky
it is very unlikely to happen

perhaps i shouldn't even take that approach however (because revive committee might disapprove of it (note: haven't killed anyone yet... just thinking of my options here))
perhaps i should go with my 'bunker' approach and merely control the 'defense guns' in the 'hallways' using my private persona
idfk

i could even automate the guns... but eh could control them too...

i don't think it would work in the long run
i don't think i could maintain a private persona undected for THAT long
definitely a period of time
and the period of time is... unknown...
but indefinitely? no fucking way
lie detectors are too smart
'brain diggers' are too good at their jobs
and i leak way the fuck too much shit, especially when i'm tripping balls :-P

it also puts a weight on my conscience: i don't want to lie and i don't want to have secrets

i WANT to have 100% mode
what the fuck??????


am i reversing my decision made mere minutes ago?
fuck partial both?
what?
gah
gahhhhhh
drruuuuuuuuggggsssss
i can't, and don't want to, not do drugs
drugs are like overclocking your brain
i have so many fucking good ideas and thoughts when trippping balls
just because SOME PEOPLE lash out and freak out and kill themselves or others doesn't mean i'm going to
"this is why we can't have nice things"
:(


100% mode
vs.
drugs

CHOOOOOOOOSE
can't have both


there i've boiled it down
there it is
there's a fucking shit ton of other considerations for 'public/private' etc (and combinations of the two!!!)
but that is a definite decision i need to make

don't even factor in assassination
just think about drugs
and if you're willing to sacrifice a bit of that 100% mode (slippery slope) for them

ok that didn't take long at all
yes i am definitely willing to
it's a shame that i have to (fuck 2012)
but i am willing to
i will
so since i am somewhat private
where do i stop the private'ness
what is the boundary?

what am i not allowed to hide?
i'll tell you what: that which embarrasses me
but it's easier said than done
I DON'T TRUST MY OWN FUCKING BRAIN
if i have the capability to censor myself out of shame, i will take it!
god
fucking
damnit
zeus*



it's a slippery slope
it's a slippery slope
i don't want to be on the slope
but i need to be on the slope to get what i want (drugs)

FUCKING SHIT

should going private only for drugs be the rule?
also passwords and shit (common sense stuff)

'common sense stuff' = slippery slope again







maybe if i take a different approach

what do i want:
1) drugs
2) code
3) sex (can live without love even though i don't want to :-/)
4) music (making and listening, though i can live without 'copyrighted' music)
5) the ability to go to the woods and be left alone (but still while recording everything (at the very least. i guess i can upload/broadcast it LATER if i don't have internet... or i don't want to be bothered while i am in the woods)




now that i've listed what i want (such simple requirements when you think about it), i should try to form a plan to get to it?
so for drugs and the ability to go to the woods i need some privacy. sex privacy is optional i am uncertain if i will make porn or not (tbh making porn will completely nullify my chances with kaylee. i'd GLADLY _NOT_ make porn if it meant i could be with her (her being the actual her... but also the 'good brunette' type woman too (which can/will probably be a gold digger that is just good at acting (I'm onto you and I haven't even met you!!!))))
code and music are doable under practically any circumstances... publically... privately... fuck it
so, by law of "defaulting", i default to 100% private? lol wut?

fuck do i need to add in the 6th?
6) not be paranoid of having my shit jacked

so now i can't default to 100% private, (6) doesn't allow it


what about... 100% "private" but with a tor/anon/pseudonym that is 100% public?????
i don't have to worry about being jacked, being killed (well not necessarily *gulp*), being followed [into woods], doing drugs and going to prison...


HMMMMM
it's just the whole "make a name for yourself" thing
and also getting advertisement revenue
and also BEING YOUR FUCKING SELF (/dexter)
i'd have to hide
i'd be shameful as a PERSON
and then i'd go home and BLOG ANGRILY ON THE INTERNET
it would make me bitter.

my family would never know me
kaylee would never know me
o rite kaylee is my family ;-)
but i do mean all those other good brunettes too...

what a bullshit life that would be.

all/most problems solved: EXCEPT LIVING ITSELF
lmfao.

7) not have to hide who i am. be myself






drugs are who i am
i love drugs
drugs are illegal
i am illegal
FUCK YOU EARTH IN 2012



maybe the gun ultimatum is needed
right at launch (or right after), put a gun to my head and demand to get an indefinite pardon from OBAMA (the king of the world essentially) that i won't be raided for mere drug offenses (CONSUMING ONLY, i have no intentions to sell)

i'd need to be... redundant..
they'd cut my internet: i need satellites and antennas and shit with p2p connections so they can't (though shit, they'd probably just physically destroy both of those as well)
they'd cut my electricity: solar power + that awesome pulley/gravity idea (that i haven't confirmed works) would be my solution
food and water technically would have to be provided by them lmfao (but yea i mean i should still provide it for myself. i doubt the standoff would last more than a few hours... but MAYBE days lol. food/water isn't a concern. internet is the biggest)

it wouldn't work
they'd cut off my internet and then raid me and flashbang me and i'd be so disoriented that i couldn't even shoot myself in the head and go through with it and yea the news would say "agreement reached" or like "he is now in prison" yada yada and that would be it and everyone would go on

i also don't know if i have the balls to go through with suicide
are drugs worth SUICIDING over?
no

not really no...

fuck that idea
it's just a fantasy anyways...


zeus fucking damnit born too soon!!!!!
i like that "zeus damnit" saying. i'm going to make it a "thing"
that's how "things" are made anyways: people just say them and are copied. it will easily become one. people are bored/desparate for "things". that's how i know my stream with ad support will work (you know, if i [CHOOSE TO] go through with it)



hmmm
i think 99.9999999% public/open/legit, while sacrificing ONLY for drugs... might be a decent solution...
i still don't know about (5)... i can't be public and not be famous (which would make me followed)...



an actor can never be left alone
a famous person cannot become unfamous
it's a one way ticket
i bet lots of them wish they could
i am predicting i will too...


so i need to think very fucking carefully about my move

they say (movies etc) that "one move defines your whole life" or something cheesy like that
this is my one move
my first move
is going to be my most important one
it's what i'm putting so much thought into
it will set the direction
it will shape everything from then on
there isn't any going back

and to make matters worse: i'm wasting PRECIOUS TIME planning/thinking-about it

fml.



here i am again
catching myself striving for perfection
yea, FUCK OFF
god
i don't know if i should even continue
i'm wasting so much time analyzing if i should continue analyzing my way into perfection now
i'm trying to perfectly analyze whether i should continue analyzing
huuuuurrrrrrrrrr
they said being intelligent is a curse: they were right
actually they were wrong i can't imagine being stupid it sounds much worse just going with the flow and having no power or idea of how to travel upstream



i can't even flip a coin
because it isn't a 50/50 thing
there's soooooo many factors

and soooo many contradictions on top of it


it's driving me insane


just when i think i have it
i think of a giant contradiction and have to reconsider everything

"hey kaylee, what should i do?"
i wouldn't even know what to explain to her at this point
i couldn't simplify the question to her in a matter of hours
the question keeps changing
so does the answer
the factors too

even though i feel somewhat close
because i'm putting in more hours recently (though not in code lmfao)
i just... know... something... lies ahead...
SOMETHING

what will i decide it to be?
that's what i have to decide

oh continuing on that thought
even though i feel somewhat close, i have never felt further away than these past few days/weeks


like
how to put it
i feel close in that i don't have much to code (well, i mean, still a decent chunk to code: but the designs are all in place (at least in my head (good enough))!!!!)... but i feel far in that i don't have any fucking clue what i'm going to do
i thought i knew, now i'm getting all nit picky and shit and reconsidering and changing my mind over and over and over

it's like i've moved on from a design phase of programming to the implementation phase of programming
except instead of programming, it's "my life" thing. "launch" or whatever...
the design sometimes has to be drastically changed when moving onto the implementation. sometimes the code simply disagrees when you get down and dirty and analyze it really fucking close (as when implementing it)

i am in the implementation stage of my launching plan/design
i am trying to finalize the bits and pieces that have crept into my conscience/documents over the past few YEARS
it's only the rest of my life... no pressure ;-)...


elvis presley 'hound dog' just came on my mp3 player

fuckin takes me back

i think it was the first song i ever 'liked'

seriously, trying to go back in my mind
i can remember being in my dad's benz listening to this shit
i feel like i was ridiculously stupid
like i had barely anything on my mind (compared to these days)

fucking nostalgia feelsgoodman
what did i want out of life back then?
i don't even think i knew
i had no idea what was going on
i had no idea what life is
just going with the flow like kids tend to do
not questioning anything


IS THAT WHAT I WANT TO DO?
go with the flow and not question anything?
and not change anythign either???

BULLSHIT
THIS WORLD SUCKS

that doens't even make any sense anyways
obviously i am going to make huge changes
code is my passion (drugs mixed in = ++++ <3 <3 <3 <3)
make huge changes at least in teh software world
fuck politics and everything else (though i do have thoughts on the subject clearly~)


gah i dunno
the song ended
i'm back here in 2012 pounding away at my keyboard
that nostalgia didn't help
thought it might
wrong.



what a shit world we live in
where thoughts alone can get you killed
fuck this shit
fuck it

fuck everyone

fuck greed

fuck capitalism

fuck religion


weird that i do think "everyone, greed, capitalism, and even religion"... are good to a certain limit ;-P
everyone = collaboration (especially in software) = FUCK YEA
greed = self centered'ness is ok in my book... i just happen to want to align my greed with serving the whole etc whatever (freeee software wooo)
capitalism = pretty much the sameshit as greed. capitalism has logarithmic boost, so isn't ALL bad. it just takes over the "for the people by the people" government... and that is very very bad
religion = bands people who are generally "good" together. gives them a rally point, even if it is based on falsities. also causes wars ;-)



but bah, back to trying to plan my fucking life

wat do