For some reason I've got coder's block
like
idfk

the design is complicated and hard to implement
"average response time + 150%"
and
retries
and
try-other-server-on fail


idfk

I _GET_ it
but coding it is another story

I just feel dumb all the sudden
what the fuck am I doing?
pounding teh keyboard...


I want to go browse the web instead.. but holy shit dude that's seriously so fucking boring I want to stab my eyes out.


I can't stand the internet anymore
I can't stand computers anymore

BUT I NEED TO UTILIZE THEM
or kill myself

I have no other skills.

Anti-social creeper scares employers away
I'm not ashamed of it
but getting a job at mcdonalds is basically impossible
I've got a name'ish
probably more than I know

I wish I'd shut up
not beause of shame
but because of leakage
You need to cold turkey that shit
Earn it.
LAUNCH.

yes, that's what I'm _TRYING_ to do...


just fucking failing is all
paranoia will be gone INSTANTLY
aren't you pumped?
fuck yes i am
god i feel sick to my stomach in my current state
feel squeezed
and starving
even after i've just ate
it's a different kind of feeling
that no food can satisfy

suicide sounds so nice
been thinking about it a lot lately
fantacizing
mmmmmmmmmmmmm nothingness


i literally stare at a blank screen all day
and just like... refresh... n shit.
it's sick.
i wake up and turn it on and then INSTANTLY i am like "uhhh now what"
i mean sure facebook keeps me amused for a grand 20 seconds
my friends' dumb bullshit and pictures


i go to facebook, xkcd, questionablecontent, qt dev/interest mailing lists, qt home page, qt planet
....and occassionally /b/ (try not to)....

THAT'S IT
i am on the computer staring at those SLOW AS FUCK MOVING pages all damn day
i _WANT_ to be coding
coding is at least stimulating
but jesus fucking christ it's so hard to get in the zone
or if i want to, Caydon impending within a few hours
isn't worth it etc

FUCK YOU CAYDON
not you you
but you know, YOU
fuck babysitting.

fuck "impending person arriving here"
mom, dad, caydon
FUCK YOU ALL
GET OUT OF MY LIFE/BRAIN
it's already difficult enough as it is

if I lived on my own I'd be more in a permanent state of coding
I've been there before
shit was so cash
I will get there again
or I'll kill myself
I will enhance it
enhance the fuck out of it
that's my goal in life
that's about it
enhanced state of permanently coding

no shame
no paranoia
freedom of information
in and out

fuck proprietary/brainwash
i will socialize
but i will NOT socialize with anyone who won't let me license our conversations under BY-SA/mb-something-else

i'm starting to want a LGPL-like content license

idk

I mean my brain tries so hard to convince itself that BY-SA/LGPL is the perfect combo

I say things like "yea content/information needs to be cancerously SA (gpl-ish), but code should be allowed to be used for profit! hence LGPL!"

it actually does kind of fit
information NEEDS to stay free
software USING free software, does not

SHOULD, but realistically can not
hard to profit in certain markets if your source is readily available to your competitors
every advantage you create, they get instantly/free/cheap

information, on the other hand, doesn't even have that parrallel

"information USING free information" ????
doesn't make sense

that's called knowledge
and they already own the rights to their own knowledge
can license it under anything they want
there is no "links against"

derives from, yes
but that's completely different, in both software/information cases

derivatives need to stay free
cancerously so
LGPL provides that for software
BY-SA provides it for information






seeeee how fucking elaborate I'm getting with convincing myself that LGPL/BY-SA is perfect combo?
wait, didn't I just contradict myself?

"i want lgpl-like for content"
"there is no link-against analog for content"

....


soo.....
maybe it IS the perfect combo?
I mean it's not like you farted and then landed on it
You've analyzed plenty of licenses


what do I mean by LGPL-like?
what did I write in that email to CC peeps?

/me looks it up


ahh kk

my reasoning was that I am ok with them deriving into a more restrictive format, becoming more preventative of commercialization IN THEIR DERIVATIVE (not my initial work)

just like LGPL code can become GPL in a fork, and that fork can no longer be linked against in proprietary shit...

I'd be fine with that for content, yea

but now what was I just talking about 5 mins ago?


oh right, there's no link-against analog
there doesn't need to be
the derivative is merely made MORE restrictive
which is fine (don't go TOO far that direction though of course ;-))

idk


LGPL is nice because it's basically GPL but allows proprietary code to link against it
content does have this analogy because:
"link against" really means "i learned from it" and therefore their knowledge is theirs and can be licensed under ANYTHING they choose


so even if there was an LGPL equivalent, it would be pointless.
i don't even need to tackle the derivative/NonCommercial-nao concept
because, "LGPL is [...] basically GPL"

IT IS ALREADY NON-COMMERCIAL <3
the derivatives, that is.


HENCE CONCLUSION: LGPL/BY-SA is perfect combo



now I'm just a little.. eh... confused about mixing the two

I mean not really

text documents, pictures, videos, are obviously/easily BY-SA
but COMMENTS WITHIN CODE... some of which are FUCKING HUGE... are not code...


you know what
obviously they fall under LGPL too...
and therefore are basically the fucking same as BY-SA (because of what I explained above)

at least, I _THINK_ this is the case...


I'm in love with ellipsis and parenthesis.




but then it really becomes: if comments/WORDS can be LGPL and shit
then why shouldn't my documents/pictures/videos also?


what does it mean to link to in that case?


how about a video (their original work) with a thumbnail/smaller video (mine) within it that's LPGL?
is that a "link-to" case????
even if it's full, that is


UNDER THOSE CIRCUMSTANCES I AM OK WITH THEM RELEASING THEIR VIDEO UNDER ANY LICENSE THEY WISH
so long as my video within retains it's rights.
so even if that is a "link to" scenario... which I have no fucking clue if it is... it's ok.


OR, is that a derivative and my license now applies?
I really don't know.



hmmm
what I said in that email appears to be wrong
GPL is not NonCommercial
it can be sold
just the source needs to be provided

see, there's no "compiled" analog either rofl
mah brain hurtz

When I'm nearing launch, I should ask the stallman for advice
"should I just release my documents etc, some of which are code, under lgpl?"

he'd obviously try to convince me to use GPL :-P
but no thanks I'm in love with your "necessary evil" :)










and now for something completely different


BSD/CC-BY
do I really give a shit if soemone takes my shit and derives/privatizes it, so long as they give me credit?
Yes.


Yes I do.
FUCK YES I do.


I am using Copyleft to combat Copyright.


Yes, I think ALL content should be public domain...
...but reality in 2012 does not have that. Copyright runs rampant and holds up etc.

Releasing in public domain/bsd(almost-public-domain) is a recipe for disaster
it's inviting the stealing/privatization

"original work by d3fault"
.......

on a massive now-proprietary derivative library?
NO FUCKING THANKS
fuck you copyright bastards
die in a fire

well that settles that


i will continue to release shit I don't give a fuck about as BSD
code examples or whatever, like that CleanThreadingExample class
idgaf about it
it isn't valuable *enough*
but I mean that's all pre-launch blah blah

post-launch I'll just do LGPL/BY-SA "by default"
CAN opt-in to BSD, but probably won't out of laziness :)

Should also provide that for anybody else contributing also

GPL-esq is the minimum
Public Domain is the maximum

your proprietary bullshit is not allowed (knowledge, code, ANYTHING. _FUCK OFF_)
and that is that