I am alive
I am real
Since I _QUESTION_ that motherfucking concept
I am definitely real
No matter what I do, the following holds true: if I do nothing, I am a waste
whether this is metaphor or dream or "consciousness"
i am a being of existence
i just took the word "a" out of before dream
^i can and need to document the recording of that shit
i need to launch asep because i haven't really even started coding
and i need to
you can see the path, although the programming itself bores you
that is your path to reality
this sitting in a dark room figuring out how to automate a
service?
self sustaining service
of which i am the leader of which?
i am the primary coder and sell-out of/to (or something)
in the form of an "advertising service"
it is an bootstrap
fuck the police
(feel "implied"/scared-into-saying "i come in peace" but that shit sounds cheesy and/or pussy as fuck)
to think after all this work all i'm going to have is a video + automated-lgpl advertising software "community"
fucking worthless
but it's necessary to "negate monetary needs"
or something
so i can work on shit that's just fun
i feel like i might be saying "since i can go private (i have the techincal ability to do so), i should take advantage of it?"
this fully recognizing i very well may be being spied on at this very moment
i could still take advantage of it
because it's just a mental decision
a mental decision and software implementation
of which i have both
and currently presently on
i am encrypted and i am a private individual
it is the scariest feeling in the world
because i understand the world
and what there is to lose
and knowing i will very likely lose
i am a president of will
fuck country. fuck "land mass".
we are singular unit: earth
dht easier to code that way anyway
(protip: also easier to understand (engrish = de facto kthxbai))
i can code a system where the voting system to an
no dipshit prioritize
i have no idea what i was talking about
ok launch first, then what?
then code a new "computing environment" while live
all content is LGPL/BY-SA "by default" (might as well include sliders for all other licensing options for the noobs who don't get it (we let them be stupid by publically releasing copyrighted content on it by default))
the programming is going to come from scratch
but i need to record the recording capability
and shit, i've set my standard relatively low
still a bit of a bitch to code
but i'm also just bitching
i understand completely the path from here to launch
i understood my entire turning on the computer process
i don't mean the software it booted (yet?)
but the physics and general concepts required for the entire process
understanding all the software is futile (for both us computer user's and them non-techies both) (had typed "computers" without "user's" at first)
you (most everyone else, but not talking to myself here. i mean YOU the reader (i've never referred to my audience without including myself in it before now)) need only use someone else's "default configuration"
here is mine
we DO recognize copyright we just DEFAULT to LGPL/BY-SA
that's "code license" and "content license" ... their "default license choice" in the list of licenses slider. their order is alphabetical but the currently selected in the slider is LGPL/BY-SA (code and content respectively licenses)
it is a self recording machine
since i eventually bootstrap it into dht / indestructable-mode, that is what it becomes/is
i?
i am not the software
wtf?
i propose an area for that i think is ADEQUATE as a jail for serial killer rapists and also fun-in-small-amounts (aka "opt-in") for humans
err i guess i mean "humans without criminal records"
current prison "cruel and unusual": get shiv'd, raped, shiv people, rape <- those are your options
actually that's exactly half of the total amount of  options
the other half: isolation
isolation is shutting off existence
shutting off existence is inhumane
funny it's how i currently live
it is by choice
and it is my goal
output-only mode
LGPL/BY-SA by default
_AND I AM NOT FORCED TO PROCESS INPUT: FUCK YOU_
since the software is availalbe (and hopefully inline editable!) with ease, and modifiable by the general public and not just the author with great ease, i cannot be held responsible for CUSTOMIZATIONS of said software
the customizations of said software happen to be their input-into them
so i must refuse input initially
it is absolutely crucial that i do
i think i can/will/should/need-to go for a pretty long time in output-only mode
i also don't want input
therefore i do not will it
and do not think it legal that i be forced to take it
unless i commit a crime against man
in which case i am not allowed to leave the opt-in "zone" i can build and program
sliding bullet proof glass panels. there are only metal hinges around the connecting areas
strong and thick'ish fucking glass
balance of "thin enough to relatively-easily slide" but thick enough to (a) be bulletproof/secure'ISH(?????????? probably not nuke proof with just 'glass' fml) and (b) not fall from the weight of human beings traversing it
letting them release under a typically private copyright and still having it be "published publically" are two different options
it IS a publishing service with an advertising agency built in in the form of an open source and free software configuration (wanted to get "self sustaining service" in but it doesn't fit)
i will allow my own software's LGPL/BY-SA'd content in, of course
but then couldn't something i choose to ignore (like a "dmca notice", for mere example ;-P), could come in as a piece of LGPL/BY-SA'd content :-/??????
fuck
i'd be giving them the proof required for dmca compliance... refusal
i could argue that the rate at which dmca-violating content comes in is a huge amount and too large for a single person to be expected to manually filter and then they'd argue that since i make money off of it in the form of advertisements that i should hire people but they don't understand that that hiring requires me to accept input and communicate with the outside world which i am tryping to avoid
isolation should be opt-in for any decent human being at any given time
isolated output-only/secure mode
but the d3fault mode should be glass walls LGPL/BY-SA
because communication without fear of repercusion is the only way to reach intelligence
yes, it will most likely involve copyrighted content initially
"get your bullshit off our network" is more like it
it is (a) futile and (b) illegal as a requirement of a human being
i am, my software is, after all, just a CONFIGURATION of a piece of free software. anybody could download the source, change a few variables, and re-launch it making all the content (but also money) go to THEM in WHATEVER license they choose, and whether PUBLICIZED or not. the PUBLICIZED or not is basically whether or not to apply cryptography onto it?
i do not wish to apply cryptography to mine, by default (BY-SA)
i wish to release my code under LGPL by default
you can choose a different licensing option
i know they'd be convinced that my logic doesn't make sense because i am "providing services" for which to store content on but i am doing it as a means for using myself (while sharing the space with others in order to make a slice as their bootstrap advertising service (hell when i word it like that, it sounds like a scam. SHIT, it _IS_ a scam. rofl. Google is a scam. So will I dbe. shitw0rx.
wow that typo "dbe" is fucking awesome
didn't even see it until after thisworks
omfg another amazing typo
i was looking at shitr0x
when i TY--
DID IT AGAIN!!!!!!!!
that is sooooooooooooooooo fucking cool
just hacked my brain it feelslike
shitworks
there got it the third time by trying really hard i guess (omfg coming back and reading this a second time i totally thought that shitw0rx and shitworks were the same. like i knew the "qgraphicsview" representation was different but i thought the "qgraphicsscene" (underlying meaning) was the same)
i will probably never again be able to simulate/replicate how good that felt
i am so fucking high and i wruv it
drugs are legal if you submit your ability to un-opt-in (like opting out, but without implying defaulting to opt'd in)
drugs should be legal
yes they allow you to do stupid things
stupid things should be undoable by you in the public LGPL/BY-SA glass area
are you allowed to receive physical objects aka "mail"?
perhaps not, as that is "input"
how does though receive food?
how do i stay alive?
automated solar powered farm with feeding tubes, DUUUHHHH
rofl....
if i can have that + samething for drugs
= bliss
code all day err day flale about to/making music and doing anything/everything else i want
how do we sleep?
where do we sleep?
i can only picture alive-and-at-peek-of-a-trip mentally
dancing through the cooridors
knowing 100% that you will not run into another human being
toggle'able double glass mirrors
or whatever it's called where you can see them but they can't see you
stick me inside that for output-only mode
i'll try to get into canada and do it as a "performance arts" piece
not retracting my US citizenship or denouncing it or whatever, but definitely seeking safe harbour in canada. i hope they surround/protect me (though i doubt they will :-P). they're just likely'EST to not give a fuck. to leave me alone.
i think i have to bootstrap off of the "food-only-as-input" (aside from bitcoin with which i am constantly spending (on internet services only??????? or what about food/drugs? lmao that those are the only things i think of. i mean yes sure electronics too but those are boring and... needed far less frequently) until i can build the automated-solar-powered farm IV
just because i need to contradict myself in order to stay alive, does not mean i don't desire automation and independence
the cost of which CANNOT BE dmca notice also being able to be received
i do think i might be onto something with "random spinning cycler-distributors-of-common-objects" that allows you to safely get a 1/20 chance of not being poisoned
the spinners need to be open source and visually/technically transparent to the user so that they KNOW it is random
it needs to be LGPL/BY-SA'd "software bitcoin transaction" ;-)
this means so long as you don't get the same thing over and over you shouldn't get poisoned hopefully because nobody can predict which piece of meat in the "meatspin.org" has the poison on it
is my subconscious seeping or is that extremely metaphorical?
is this my subconscious saying hello? this as well as the shitw0rx thing (the first 2 were the coolest)
i want to place my subconscious permanently on and in LGPL/BY-SA mode with an advertising agency that is also LGPL available on by default as well
it is a publicizing machine
it only needs one node
for an ISP to say that you can't publicize yourself using your internet connection is an injustice. it is an attack against will and should be challenged. i will win.
so perhaps i need to launch in a bootstrappable manner (JUST _ALSO_ WITH A WEB-CACHE $$$-bootstrapped 'investment' angel money couchbase cluster to back it)?
i mean bootstrap in two different ways in the above line
the first one i mean it from a purely software view. the software communicates to "peers", not client/server model
eventually the software will be patched by the outside to be self-sustainable in a software mode
but for now, i need to BOOTSTRAP (the second usage's meaning now) the "system" by providing a stable backup while also simultaneously prototyping/LIVING-ON the insecure bleeding edge [of development]
funny how those two phrases describe my life in general really
afraid of death
constantly developing [code]
"bleeding edge"
you MUST live there else you will not progress
it is silly to think otherwise
funny again how that makes sense in both "bleeding edge" cases
we should calculate the exact cost of everyone joining and tax only exactly that amount. that too is a bootstrap. i get and direct the tax. OR IS THAT MY SELLOUT POINT? don't i need to for the bootstrap? should i give it up upon death only or should i give it up right away and never even make it to self-sustaining-STEVEN ffffffuuuuuckkkkkk i am a human being and have physical needs such as food and plumbing and oxygen and water and that's about it. internet, drugs, and sex are all optional bonuses


i have to live with my "relatively certain" calculated consequences in THIS particular reality
but that shouldn't be an excuse to not live at full blast
see here is the greatest contradiction of all time
my living at full blast means i don't even want to take the time to calculate relative certainty (as that costs efficiency)
i am relatively certain that relatively certain consequences will occur for given actions (like basic actions such as eat walk sleep code get-high (but certainly not limited to only those))
what i basically mean, is using a ~ equal sign. "is about equal to"
actions have consequences that i must deal with in this world
just because other worlds live on
doesn't mean i do in this one?
err, does it?
no
so
MAXIMUM "full blast" + only sparing time to calculate relative certainty of my safety
which is "security"
which can EASILY take 100% of your time trying to implement
fml
especially given "full blast"
so the other option: not give a fuck
"the only way to stop me is to kill me"
(i hope they don't)
who's 'they' ?
anyone.
any of you fucking idiots with
idfk
thought of so many words
from "deciders" to "norm setters"
but even considered just a word to summarize the media
but it isn't JUST the media
it's everything
trenders
memes
humans themselves!
brainwash
PROGRAMMING
i am a programmer
and my specialty is PROGRAMMING ;-)
there is a pun to that that only a programmer would get
not necessarily, but i mean "someone smart[er (though not very. it's quite easy to understand tbh (people are just THAT dumb))]" (was hard to escape that close-character-item disaster that qt-creator prevents/helps-with)
we are ice skating on trails carved into the complexity that is our reality
those paths are our sanity
we are all "human after all"
brains are just hardware that binds with the software
i guess our brains are write-only
except not really
they are 
a different concept
output-able
output-from-able
the mesh is write-only in that it can't be deleted
so meh i'm just using that term wrong (again (have used it wrong many times in the past too))
neither should my brain be
and i am using my LGPL/BY-SA area of MY OWN DHT/COUCHBASE-CLUSTER as my own storage space for MY OWN FUCKING THOUGHTS
SO FUCK YOU FOR WANTING TO 'DELETE-ACCESS' TO THEM
the end. game over. thanks for playing. fuck off.