When i launch i will not be a different person
sure i might be changing introver -> extrovert
but it is a software setting
not a personality shift

i will still be steven
i will still have to live with everything in my past
i will still be the "funny asshole" (kaylee)
nothing will change except i will know i am being watched


BUT, i do factor in the fact that people act different on camera
it will change me
will the changes be instant?
was i wrong just now at the beginning of this document?

for example: when live/broadcasting/24/7 i will wash my hands with soap every time. i know that if i miss even once it will have been noticed and seen by lots. i will also be setting a bad example
i mean yea using soap is a stupid and arbitrary example... but it highlights the point: i'll be striving to be the ideal/model human
so perhaps i won't even feel inclined to make porn?
i wonder if it will change the way i think
change my wants?

change WHO I AM?

is it worth it?

paranoia of being jacked
vs.
fear of 'acting'/changing while being recorded


god suicide sounds better and better every second...

which is GREAT because every time i think of it, i am compelled to launch myself full blast even further :-D :-D :-D
"nothing to lose"


i just need to be myself
which is impossible
gah
le contredickshun


it will probably modify my direction
my train of thought
i might hate it and go offline
THEN WHAT?
rofl
how will i make teh moneyz?
book sales (all dis shit) only?
yea actually that'd probably work...
but i'd still look like an idiot/pussy/panzy
who cares though
my mental status is all that matters
if i work better offline/private/etc, then so be it
maybe i find out that i am ok with coping with 'fear of being jacked'
maybe i start to learn to trust that 'sliding window' that encryption provides and just publish books periodically (because the sliding window ALWAYS catches up)

i do know NOW that i am going to (well, i WANT TO, i should say. still not 100% certain) publish... and it hasn't affected my writing i don't think
i am probably wrong
but i do still feel... ok... i guess...
i feel like i can pound the keyboard and empty my thoughts

so it would be like that... with a 'snapshot release' of the year or two of work... periodically
(as opposed to live verbatim 24/7)
maybe i just can't work under pressure?

the pressure will go away though i am guessing
SO MUCH TIME LIVE means you eventually stop giving a shit
that's what i'm aiming for

first few hours and days and weeks, and maybe even months...
...will be WEIRD and fullllll of awkward/embarrassing/POSSIBLY-CENSORING(realtime-in-my-brain) moments
fuck it
i'll learn to relax
i'll force myself into relaxation

it might not work
and if i discover it doesn't
i'll go offline again :-P
talk talk - it's my life


that is what i want
that is it
i want to launch
i just also want to do drugs
and also want my privacy
i'm willing to sacrifice my privacy (CLEARLY :-P)
but not the drugs
and sacrificing privacy is no biggy at all when i am at home/alone
but when i go outside then it is:
a) annoying
b) security risk

i won't sacrifice the drugs
they make life too amazing
i have the best trips ever


so i need to launch and retain drugs
how do i achieve that
hmmmmmmm

so that's it
those are my two biggest priorities i guess
launch + retain drugs

if i can solve that, i can launch and live a fulfilling/happy/good life

maybe i should write all of it as if it were fiction
raoul duke
winky winky NOT GIVING A FUCK style
it worked for hunter...

if you're reading this, my fictional character is now considering making a fictional character in which to hide ;-)

shit i may be onto something
EXCEPT: it doesn't make ANY sense in the context of "launched streaming 24/7 100% video" thingo

damnit. it only covers retroactively written texts.