meh
protesting (civil disobedience) sucks
i'll have to go to prison
and i think it's WAAAAAAY too soon to actually work
they'd slap me on the wrist
let me out
i do it again
and the sentences will just get longer and longer
until my life is mostly spent in prison
fuck that shit

i don't think it's worth it
it would only be worth it if i thought it would work

the cons of drugs (especially psychedellics) will be focused on too much and they'd not change the rules. hell i am not even sure they should [yet]

i said a few docs/days ago that if you want to do drugs then you have to submit your ability to leave the comfort zone
should that be permanently (because it changes your THOUGHTS permanently)?
or just during the trip?

i'd argue towards both
permanently, because fuckhead idiots can become dangerous even after the trip is over
and only during each trip, because people like me can keep a cool head (even though i do wish to be restrained (from others and myself) _DURING_ the trip :-D)

so me vs. everyone
idfk


the laws that i want enforced for me are not the same that i'd have enforced for everyone
i definitely think we should be allowed to trip
but shit, other human brains scare the fuck out of me
giving them psychedellics would make me even more scared of their brains
fucking irrational religious folk, why do you have to exist?






seriously, why do stupid people exist?
is it so smart people can take advantage of them?
that is, essentially, what the free market is doing
lmfao
glad i'm on the better "half" ("1%")
a lot of smart people still get sucked into the workhorse side
fuck it, fuck them
survival of the fittest

meh digressing

back to the subject at hand: DRUGS
i love them so much they are like candy to me
candy for the brain
candy is to the tongue
as drugs are to the brain

holy shit that's a fucking amazing analogy
facebook worthy, good thing my account is closed rofl


it's so fucking true too
they are both chemical alterations from foriegn bodies (the substances)
err chemical reactions* i guess
whatever


subvert is my only option
hide drugs
unfortunately
a necessity
a worthwhile sacrifice of privacy


what about the "delay of DEA arrival and inability to gain PROOF OF POSSESSION because of prior consumption"
i don't know if it would work

like maybe i'd need to delay the stream by a few hours?
the phone call request, showing up of the friend with the drugs, and taking of the drugs... need to all happen within that window
and they can't bring extra or have any laying around their house either (as they'd surely be targetted)
it becomes an issue for them, then
perhaps i cannot re-use a friend then?
kinda sucks tbh because then i have to trust new people all the damn time. trust them on potency and of course poisoning... but also that they aren't a DEA agent lmfao
isn't that entrapment if they sell me shit? can't they only perform a sting if they are the buyer?
and of course if they sell me fake shit, then there is no law broken :-)
i am unsure. the law might allow them to actually sell shit for a sting
a bullshit law, but there are plenty of bullshit laws
this is reality earth 2012 US&A
i _HAVE TO_ unfortunately shape myself to that fact
can't just "be myself"
as much as i want to...
FFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
YYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU