Fuck death.
Death comes no matter what.
Privatizing is compromise.
Yes, I have the special technical ability to privatize/compromise WELL, but fuck that shit.
It sounds fun in the "I'm a sneaky cunt" sort of way. Like how my brother and I used to spy on random neighbors for fun back in the day...
BUT FUCK IT
fuck compromise
I'll whitelist as much of my previous bullshit as possible (censoring minimally)
then fucking live 100% public LGPL/BY-SA "no holding back" mode
i'll just NOT press my "communicate" button whenever around wankers who can't handle "no holding back" mode
fuck em
i'll talk shit right in front of people (by thinking it) but not say it to their face because they haven't opt'd into the "no holding back" mode. fuck them. by not opting in, they are admitting to being a fucking vagina and unable to handle the truth. YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!
doesn't mean i should be forced to SUPPRESS the truth


i'm 2 beers in and have literally watched nothing but peep show (and typed random docs) all fucking day
they inspire me
thank you mark and jeremy
you weird twats.
i am a weird twat.
i am a combination of you two

you two fictional fucking characters
if they are like they are in character, i'd very much like to kick it with them


bah digress
this is my "commit" doc
i'm fucking going for it
nothing to lose
because nothing to gain by staying private (except possibly my entire existence/life xD)

fuck.

what am i on about?


gah just when i think i'm IN
i think of teh contradiction: VALUE LIFE. CHERISH IT. PROTECT IT.


fffffffffffffff


protect life
vs.
live hard


shit's basically the summary of my ultimate decision
the decision of my life
you'll either not know who the fuck this doc is from... or you know exactly who this doc is from
bah.



privatizing is compromise
cling to that fucking thought
compromise prevents death
so... is compromise worth it?
NO
YES
NO
YES
NO
YES
LIFE
LIFE
LIFE
LIFE

THAT'S IT

AHAH!!!!!!!
(as in like: I'VE GOT IT)

they are BOTH in argument of pro-life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1



no fucking wonder it's so hard to fucking decide!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
holy fucking shit
shiiiiiit


i'll elaborate for the dipshits:
full blast = maximize "life" (as in the 'be somebody' type of life)
compromize = maximize "life" (as in the duration kind)



SO WHAT KIND OF "LIFE" DO I WANT
DURATION VS. INTENSITY




HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i know the answer
i love drugs
i love alcohol
when i get fuck up, i maximize my "peak" asep
it's how i work
i know the answer
it is without a doubt intensity
duration is a snore
fuck your shit
sip tiny bits of vodka all day and barely maintain minimally tipsy
or back to back 6 shots in a row (i'm a lightweight) to get as shitfaced as possible


it is the answer
i have found it
YOUR EEKA
suck my dick bitches
i have logic'd through it
fuck you Camaron on House series finale'
logic is a valuable tool
sure it doesn't always apply, but this time i have done it




yyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
today is a good day