"I can't talk" [in the presence of cell phones, even when they're turned off but with battery still in]. This my... planned (still in planning phase, might not respond at all) response to Kaylee refusing to read the letter. I went through with it! It took strength, or at least what felt like strength, but I slid the letter asking if I should make porn in a hiding spot and sent her a text about it... and she said if I have to hide it she probably shouldn't be reading it. Idk how she guessed it was about porn, probably just luck. Still it could have been about lots of things. Oh well, I was relatively sure that she'd go with "no" answer anyways, which does in fact mean that I'm going with "no" also. I said to myself "I won't forgive myself if I don't confirm that it's a no". If it was a yes all along and I assumed it to be a no, I'd have that lingering question in the back of my mind.

So shit, two topics have come from this:
a) Arbitrary Justifications~
b) "I can't talk" is the minimized/core problem to all [most?] of my problems!

Going with (b) first, since I started the doc with it: It is the reason for the DPL and "Launch", but coincidentally the reason why I can't speak my mind in front of her! Fucking life sucks. I think it's just a bad combo of luck in this case (very lucky in other cases :-P). Old Copyright laws + Modern technology (namely, cell phones) = Paranoia Motherfucking Inhabitants! The copyright laws are bleh. I have mixed feelings about them atm but I will say this: that improvisational speech is NOT copyrighted is utter bullshit. Cell phones can grab and use that shit freely then! Even plagairizing it! I guess you listen to them improvise it, then mimic it / say it yourself (can't RECORD during the listening period, but could certainly broadcast over radio (cell phone). The law specifies "fixed to a medium"! So if they listen to it and re-record it, they now own the copyright to your improv speech. This kind of shit just leaves me sitting in silence (in other words, not living as much as I should). I think it's accidental but I also think that there's probably very little incentive for change.

Now, onto the arbitrary justifications. Since I justified that 'raising the dimmer' was more scientifical... and the key point that I'm going to use to arbitrarily justify something else in a second, is: that I won't be able to NOT make porn if I start with making porn, but if I start with not making porn I can always make porn later. The Kaylee factor also randomly weighs in ofc, though definitely less scientifically. So now watch me copy/paste that logic: I should do a stealth launch (fake 100% launch) because for fun. Now that I'm indefinite (rather, now that I understand/believe that I am), life becomes a matter of lulz and fun and whim etc. I won't be able to do stealth if I start with 100%, but I could do 100% later after I get tired of stealth! So because there's plenty of life ahead of me AND SINCE I WILL BE CENSORING MYSELF ANYWAYS, I should do the stealth approach? It kinds makes sense. Logic is a train track and there are branches that can take you in different directions, but others (like this) are completely different rails heading in an entirely different direction! Neither or wrong, it's all about perspective. I like/need/thrive-on fresh and 'different' perspective. I am now analyzing the question entirely differently. Still not sure I'll commit to NOT launching (that felt good to write: gravity trap is in effect! my default is launching at current course(sp?)). I also don't have any idea about the technical details on where I'll put the divide. What businesses will be legit/hidden, what writings will be anon/public, etc etc etc. There's a lot to consider and it's kind of fun thinking about. It's like a super hero or hacker movie or some bullshit: except it's reality and I'm only in the planning phase (been here for ages). I don't know how already-compromised I am, but I think the illusion of going 100% will take care of that. Hell, it might even fool the illuminati themselves (assuming they aren't reading my every keystroke :-P). BRB gonna take a shit and contemplate branches of reality that I get to decide on :)