What the fuck am I doing?
This isn't normal.
It's no wonder I have drastic mood swings.
I feel on top of the world one day and like shit the next.

Nobody keeps their work private like this for such a large duration of their life.
Actually that's untrue, undercover operatives do. But that's a completely different story.

It's like I've written a series of books and have the only copies of them sitting in some tall weeds on a really hot summer day.


I need to launch ASEP for my sanity, not just my paranoia. Bit rot.



I also need to stop delaying projects. I have soooo fucking many things that I want to code "after I launch".
Those things are like fucking tiny ass utilities that will make me enjoy computing a metric fuck ton more.
Save time too.

But shit, I mean yea I do have to solve money and shit... and that is the purpose of Abc

I could launch right now/tonight on youtube or some such, but it wouldn't do me any good in terms of making a buck. Google would get all/most-of my ad revenue, and fuck Google.




I feel less excited about it. I feel like just walking towards the target of launching; err, I guess i'm describing My emotions Rather than (xD) err what


i guess i'm describing the state i will be in when i launch rather than what i will feel working up towards it
like prior to today the feeling i wanted to feel when launching was a sense of leaping of my chair: hoooray

now i just feel: meh, i did it. now i can start~



of course my mood swings drastically and i'll probably get pumped up again once i get closer to launch

i hate that it's still a distant target. fuck.



also the 5meo will certainly lift my mood :-P



i hate thinking that i have to censor shit like that. fuck.



i hate thinking that i have to read all my previous shit (and listen to all previous audio (and watch all previous video)) and pick and choose what to keep and what to get rid of. doing it in an automated manner will delay me further. such a "life shaping" application will take time to develop... especially if i want to only censor certain segments of video or audio or text, not entire chunks of it. for example in this doc i would only censor the word "5meo". the rest is fine. but also maybe the word "Google"? because i don't want to mentio- ACKNOWLEDGE THE EXISTENCE OF proprietary and/or censoring entities. i contradict myself.

contradiction:
-not mention proprietary/censoring entities
vs.
-not censoring myself


ROOOOOOOOOOOOOFL


by not mentioning censoring entities, i am censoring myself
lmfao.


therefore, i am a censoring entity and should not mention myself?

leeeewwwlllll



perhaps i should just censor 'the worst of the worst' that will get me thrown in prison or killed and leave it at that.



i have lost all direction post-launch, i dunno what to do


still, going through all my previous shit in search of those items sounds like a daunting task.


sometimes i wonder if i'll make it that far; sometimes i think i'm just going to blow my brains out one of these days



i fantacize about suicide. i did just today too. laying on the ground staring at the ceiling.
i cannot switch over to "do it" mode~
i can't NOT exist

i've shed too much blood and tears (metaphorically speaking) to get to where i am today
being a kid sucks.


if i can't NOT exist, then i'd just be born again with no knowledge and go through the childhood experience again?
or i'd just see BLACK SCREEN
or i'd just NOTHING
no seeing

impossible to comprehend.

can't comprehend
can only comphrehend while alive
THUS, can't NOT exist
or something~

not even worth thinking about anymore, gives me a headache.


i've somehow managed to instill a form of logic in my brain that won't allow me to kill myself
that in combination with infinite multiverse theory saying that each time i do decide to kill myself, that branch ceases to exist and i can only live on in the one that hasn't...


well, you get the idea.


still, rest sounds nice.
i've got so much work ahead of me yet, but i still want to rest.
i wanna get high.

i want to trip balls.

while(true) { dmt; }

i was thinking about this earlier today
i could build a machine to periodically (whether one large dose every ten minutes or small drips every few seconds) dose me and keep me restrained so that i don't hurt myself (perhaps even an IV to give me nutrients (water/food) (perhaps even a forced breathing mechanism + one of those prosthetic heart thingies that i forget the name of (JUST IN CASE))), but then i thought about waking back up. i don't think i'd want to stay hooked up to that machine for the rest of my life, but i think i'd like to try hooking myself up to it for varying lengths of time. maybe an hour to start (6 doses @ 10 mins), maybe a few hours the next, maybe a day and so on and so forth. program the length to administer doses etc etc


but what if i forgot what reality is?
how would i know that i have truly woken up?
is it a good enough test to "not do drugs for a while?"
what if i'm in a 2000 year dmt trip and i only not do drugs for a couple of those days?
and my brain is simulating THIS reality and i wake up out of my restraints and continue living in that world


i guess that would be GOOD, except for the fact that my code wouldn't come back with me
BUT WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE?
my code doesn't come with me when i die either.



the whole point of the above, aside from giving me rest/relaxation or whatever, is to extend life itself
if a dmt trip really does seem like more than 10 minutes, even if it's only a few hours (relatively = your mind thinks it is a few hours)
then isn't doing it often actually extending your life?
time is relative
you fall asleep, you have a 5 minute dream, you wake up, it's been 12 hours
the opposite holds true: you enter a trip, 10 minutes pass, you trip balls for [x] hours in your head



i've never actually done dmt but it's one of those things that i just know i'll like. kinda like how i knew i'd like riding a street bike (i did)



s/dmt/5meo-dmt/ and i can vouch for it's awesomeness...
i'm predicting regular dmt will be that much more awesome (and i've heard from NUMEROUS reports that it `seems like` way longer than 10 minutes)