watched the truman show yesterday
very good and i'm sure lots will say i'm like a copycat of sorts
o wall, so is/was justin.tv (the noob)


he is living in a world with no privacy without his knowledge for the entertainment of others
i will live in a world with no privacy WITH my knowledge and for sole reason of escaping paranoia



shame is optional. i could very well be not-paranoid but still shameful as hell


i think i'm removing the other two from my list
-world hunger (population control concerns)
-corruption (is like 'war on terrorism'. stupid/impossibru)


the dht + voting system software is supposed to tackle those two by putting the power in the hands of the people. if the majority decides global-welfare (with 'prize' money for inventions) + population control, so be it. i think it would have pros/cons. less incentive to try, but less fear of die. hurr hurrr hurrr that's an example of a shitty poet. something a songwriter can/would get away with. i'd lol at him/her.



so that's my goal i guess
'put the power back in the hands of the people'
not just US&A people
teh w0rldz






tackling shame won't be a cold turkey process, like escaping paranoia will be (right when i launch)


i mean i WANT it to be a cold turkey process
i want to become an shemale
i want to carve d3fault in my head
i want to take a shit in a pot and boil it (idk where this comes from, i used to think about it back when i was little i think (idfk))
even those won't complete rid of it


i heard an entire line of fox news yesterday (damnit), bill o'reilly said "cbs (or some other channel i forget) should be ashamed of themselves"
i couldn't help but lmfao. that's... IT? that's their 'punishment' for... whatever it is they did.... poor reporting or whatever. another channel says "they should be ashamed of themselves". pathetic. no wonder tv networks can get away with pretty much anything. tv networks have no checks. should they? doesn't that negate free speech?

free speech = the right to brainwash


funky ass world we live in. i don't know of a solution.