oh shit i completely forgot where i was going with the standing on the dining room table thing

i could shape myself to give her YET ANOTHER chance to want to be with me
but now that i think about it more, that is me ACTING
so i shouldn't do it?

but that's just the thing
i have free will and can do whatever i want with this life
i think it would be worth sacrificing a lot of "flare" to be with her
i wouldn't even sweat it
sure i'd be acting and i'd miss a lot of it
but i think most of it i wouldn't think twice about

i don't need to make porn
i don't need to be a nudist
i don't need to use such vulgar language

I JUST WANT TO!

but i also want kaylee~

so i have to choose which i want more


and therein lies the problem
she has not seen me
she does not know me
which me has she not seen?
ANY
i am standing in the dark still, lights off
so i am essentially shaping my appearance to her first view
even if i don't go in "suit and tie monotone guy" (of which we already have PLENTY i should add) mode, she might be appauled and more or less just want to have nothing to do with me. she would of course censor her daughter too (which doesn't mean anything except she'll figure it out LATER when she explores everything her mom censored her from)

on that subject
or on that "note"

i sometimes wonder if i should water it down so caydon isn't censored from me also

it's cognitive dissonance woot:
i want to be there for caydon
vs.
i want to be "myself" / vulgar


what do i want MORE

to be myself FULLY
or to be "family friendly" as a whole



i think all capacities of being with kaylee are shot once i turn on the light and am being myself fully
EXCEPT for possibly being close to her (mentally) and maybe cuddling etc (WHICH SOUNDS A-FUCKING-MAZING tbh. the best scenario ever because i am still my vulgar self)
i don't think she'd want to be with me after i was with all those other women
could be wrong, just my guess
i have to guess because gah she won't say a word to me

i gave her a chance early on
i want[ed???] to give her a chance to ask me before "launch" but while rich

and now i've collapsed the abc launch and self launch
so there will not be a point in time where i have money and haven't launched
there is no dimmer gradual raising


EXCEPT I CAN SHAPE MYSELF AS SUCH STILL, IF I WILL IT
but meh
all this
all this for a girl
on one hand: SHE'S WORTH IT (aren't they always :-P?)
on the other: cliche/dumb/compromising

i would gladly be cliche/dumb/compromising to be with her
just to an extent
which sets a "line"
which definitely heavily controls who i am
my behavior
my entire fucking life~

i want her but i wan't to launch
can't have your cake and eat it to
a true launch will probably push her away. you're too vulgar/gross/etc :-D
i say probably clinging to the desparate hope that she's into fucked up
she seems to "innocent" tbh (i guess i'm attracted to it?)
meh she's just a fucking metaphor
for the "GOOD BRUNETTE"
launch
fuck the "GOOD BRUNETTE"
gold diggers and prostitutes will have to do
i can't trust anyone
i don't think i can fall in love

AND THAT IS WHY I AM CONCERNED

i want to get the "most out of life", right?

"live full blast" = "get the most out of life"
"have true love" = "get the most out of life"

living full blast, for me, means i can't have true love
all assuming kaylee actually is my true love. ima lol so hard if i get to know her and she's a bitch and i dump her :-P
i feel emotionally compelled (implicitly irrational) to say she is!

so it is a contradiction of wants!

you must decide, unfortunately. there is no going around it

or maybe i need to inquire kaylee further?
idk
i think
i
like to believe...
i don't really know
but
i think she fancies me at least enough that she'd want to be with me if i was "awesome" to some capacity. being rich would probably be good enough (so long as i'm not an ass? (lol sounds familiar))... don't mean to call her a golddigger (yes i do!) but i mean pretty much any girl will go for the rich guy
i do think there is something there though
she just may not have worked through it all the way yet!!!
AND she has no idea who i am!

GAAAAAHHHHHH

i need to cold turkey launch
i need to dimmer launch (peek for kaylee (does that mean i'm lying to/manipulating her or that i'm just willing to disable (originally had "censor" here... hmm that's worth elaborating on later) all my other... modules... to be with her. she is worth it))


"censoring myself"
vs.
"disabling modules"

THEY ARE THE SAME
i can suppress at ease and without NET LOSS (lose one thing, gain another! life is full of TRADE OFFS. in a sense, CENSORSHIP is a trade off. fuck now do i support censorship?????????????) the things that make me "vulgar"


i can, but will i?
do i want to disable (temporarily? i feel as though it can only ever turn on with a "cold turkey" switch (at launch)) my vulgar module in order to POSSIBLY be with kaylee?

am i shaping myself? yes
am i manipulating her? no
would i probably feel inclined to mention (to be truthful) that i am holding back (this is common sense. this is how just about everyone lives)? yes


what do i decide
what do i will
I WANT BOTH
I WANT MY CAKE AND TO EAT IT TOO
i feel like if i launch full blast i significantly lower the chances of ANYTHING happening


transition to another discussion now :-P
am i 6 bullets in the revolver sure that i am going to be assassinated?
am i 6 bullets in the revolver *relatively certain* that i am going to be assassinated?

hmm...
nah... more like 5 + a random spin....
so pretty low chance of survival
but still A chance
a decent chance


ISN'T THAT ALL I NEED
for "infinity" to take over?
yea but i don't have complete confidence in it
do i have to take a "leap of faith" like my religious inferiors?
i guess it wouldn't hurt to try
just might cause death
rofl
death from living is better than not living

thus, i should live full blast and just HOPE that kaylee likes me for who i am, even if she doesn't want ME TO PUT IT IN HER POOPER ;-P (guess she's going to have to read shit like that eventually. i try to --
i speak differently when talking about her
more proper'er and shit
like i am almost afraid of bad mouthing her and ruining chances
i am careful with my words
things like "me to put it in her pooper" i usually avoid

this is ESPECIALLY true in real life (and will continue to be :-()
unfortunately

i get this sick feeling in my stomach when i think that she'll probably never speak to me ever again after i launch
it makes me want to go with a private life thing in hiding etc
she invokes emotion and i am compelled to override logic



i think love is a huge part of "living life to the fullest"
HUGE
there will be something hugely amiss if you don't have love
and post-launch, everyone will be gold diggers
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

at least i've planted the seed in her head
told her i was interested early on
but i doubt that will really matter

god damnit i need to type my way out of this depressing state
i can type myself sad and i can type myself bored (coding) and i can type myself into an adrenaline rush (docs and coding sometimes)
pretty neat skill eh? i haven't ever thought of it like that before but it's definitely true. i am inducing adrenaline rushes based solely on thoughts. it's kind of like "high on life" except i have figured out how it's done to a further degree. "high on life" usually just sounds stupid/cheesy when people say it... but an adrenaline rush is definitely an actual high... and my thoughts can definitely invoke an adrenaline rush. siiiiiiiiiiick freedrugs
this is why i need to launch
because i anticipate my trips and overall mood to increase exponentially