Am I willing to pay the cost (death) for 1 vector frame of bliss?

1 being the minimum, the rest being a bonus. It's the question on my mind right now. Had a dream where a friend killed another guy not far from me, and some blood spattered through a window shade (err black mesh to keep flies out) and onto my hand while I was digging a hole for the body (with the alaby of not knowing why I was digging a hole) just outside the door to the house of the person being killed. It was an upstairs apartment building and the silencer was much louder than I expected (had:anticipated). Wondered if any neighbors would notice and I guess not since we/I took so damn long doing random things in his house before finally leaving. Was the most realistic murder my brain has processed so far, even though it was fake. How my friend that did the killing was so apathetic about it is what left a bad taste in my mouth. Hell, he probably even enjoyed it. I know I could do it both apathetically/enjoyfully too, despite my choosing not to go down that path. My derivatives scare me, because they are not down my path with me. We did some random cop hiding scenes and I even went into a sewer hiding place that was pretty pro and saw/met some other dudes down there but idk who they were (I don't think my other friends followed). I think the sewer may have represented anonymity. You could look out the various sewer holes/etc at the surrounding environment without yourself being seen. No cops went down there.

But back to the question: am I? That is the 'worst case scenario' (well,...) cost, and it's pretty unlikely that I'll die via sniper rifle bullet on the VERY FIRST vector frame (especially since sniper rifle bullets don't travel at the speed of 'infinite miles (Xs) per vector frame'.

Am I willing to die to live?

Death already guaranteed.

I LIVE IN A GRAY AREA!
I live during a period where it MIGHT be smarter to sit/wait for the world to get safER. Not completely safe, probably never will be. But saf-ER, as in less fucking dangerous........ maybe yea a few hundred/thousand years I could see this world being several orders of magnitude safer.

Creatures of habit: My habit would become playing it safe like a little fucking pussy ass bitch. Would be difficult to transition back to what I am now and then to go into.. err (no words for it).. bliss mode.

No guarantee of safer (I in fact need to do some work here/now on that), no guarantee of being alive later even if I do hide like a pussy ass bitch. I do guarantee 1x vector frame of bliss should I 'launch'. Guarantee > No Guarantee. Gray area.

Maybe if I wait I can have infinite bliss vector frames. If I had SOME IDEA as to what the chances of that were... I'd be more willing to wait. Now is just theorizing randomly. Might as well flip a coin. (Actually I've tried assigning this decision to flipping a coin, but ultimately decided before I did the flip that I wouldn't listen to the results anyways (I _DEFINITELY_ 'want' to launch, but I'm plagued with trying to figure out which is 'smarter')).

"Bet on what is certain" -- one vector frame of bliss? yes plx!

IMT of course factors in, but I won't bore you with repeating myself (pun).