I have discovered and minimized a crucial contradiction. Understanding it is key to understanding myself. It reads as if it were common sense. It is: I am both fully in control of my body (through my brain/conscious-will) and also not all the way in control.

Bleh now that I have it written I'm tempted to just say: I am partially in control of my body. Though I do think the first wording better demonstrates the "conflict" and/or "struggle" that occurs within the mind. Essentially I know I can move my arms/legs/etc in precise and defined movements (I would say (or have said (but continue to doubt!)) I have complete control of them). On the other side of things, I am chemically impulsive. Chemicals modify my brain to create urges and wants. These chemicals can cause temporary insanity in order to override your body into doing something it otherwise wouldn't, in order to survive. They are a naturally selected survival mechanism, though they aren't 'special' in any other way. Cannibalism is temporary insanity that is in line with "surviving". You slowly go crazy from hunger up until you deem that cannibalism is worth it (you snap). There are plenty of other chemical reactions that can override your "control of body", such as being horny. Prostitutes and Sluts truly do prevent rape. Eventually one is bound to snap and rape (once beating off loses it's effect (I find it loses it's effect rather quickly)).

So my brain is shared by:
a) the conscious portion of my brain
b) the chemically-modified and sometimes conscious-overriding subconscious portion of my brain

The conscious portion tends to be more organized, whereas I would argue/guess that the subconscious is mostly chemically reactions, impulses, etc.



Holy shit tangent but so fucking worth it: I am losing my fucking mind (what else is new). I have been neglecting to write this but my brain has started sabotaging me! I have noticed myself in deep thought interrupting myself (it's like another part of my brain interrupts) and just shits all over the logic, sometimes making things up at random and then convincing the other part of me that what was just said (made up nonsense) was true. I convinced myself in a partially-awake-morning state that this self trickery has shown itself SUBTLELY (that is the point, I think?) in conversation with my mother. Like, words have become defined as something else etc etc. It is hard to pinpoint an exact description of what I mean, because I have none. It is my logical process that is interrupted at random (by my subconscious?) and then fucking trolled. I troll and purposefully (err, accidentally? idfk confusing) set erroneous logic and convince myself to believe it! It is happening more frequently I feel. I detect it and notice it, but then I can never remember what the original logic/thought even was! It's like everything fades right after the troll is complete. The only thing I remember was that I trolled myself! It usually (only?) involves abstract logic so I think that calculating it's ramifications/consequences is akin to predicting chaos. That being said, just last night or the night before (I forget which), I saw a weird correlation in my head. I don't even know what the two abstract concepts were (I get fucking lost in thought soooooo often it isn't even funny), but somehow there were two data points in two unrelated lists that somehow correlated with each other. I convinced myself, or at least recognized the possibility of, that my self-sabotaging trolling could have puposefully planted such correlation as a sort of "hello" to my conscious! Perhaps he cannot speak directly? The correlation is not remembered, nor are either of the abstract lists, but some part of the correlation was: it was just too fucking weird to be a coincidence. HOWEVER it should be noted that I was pretty high at the time (mb the new drugs/spice are what's causing the self-sabotage (conspiracy: gov't only allows legal drugs that self-sabotage user)) so there might not have been ANY correlation at all. Regardless, the POSSIBILITY still exists. The self-sabotaging shit I am like 90% is definitely happening, whereas the correlation was like a weird 25% confident "did that just happen"? The more I tried to analyze it the less I remembered about it. Is the subconscious an unorganized chemically reacting blob of stupid, or is there structure to it? Do we have full on "personalities" living in our subconscious that are unable to speak? The existence of multi-personality-syndrome where a mind can definitely hold multiple personalities and not even know it, leads me to believe this is definitely a possibility.

Dear subconscious, if you are trying to say hello by weird ass correlating means of self-sabotage, please do it with unimportant logical structures. Ones I DEFINITELY won't miss (as in, they won't harm me if they are 'wrong' (not 'miss' as in 'aww i miss you' (why am I explaining this to you? You are my subconscious!! Then again, you are a different 'instance' of 'personality' so does that mean you CAN'T read/think what is going through my conscious? Perhaps I _DO_ need to be overly verbose in my writing? Not just for the eventual reader (fuck you guy! this is a conversation to my subconscious!))).

There that otta have some effect. I mean I hope. I hope he/she/they can at least process my eyeballs input (as read only, where a write would be 'moving the eye' (incl. focusing)).

Going further from what I was saying above (this is where it starts to get interesting), I even convinced myself that I could.... do.... things entirely subconsciously. I felt as though I may have either said or thought (no idea which) that I am granting my subconscious permission to do things that... my conscious wouldn't want to do... but that should(?????) be done!


If my subconscious can modify my logical structures in such a way that later output contains correlations that weren't seen by my conscious but were in fact supplanted by my subconscious, then my subconscious can utilize free will to an extent.

My chemically driven/impulsive subconscious actually has "full control" capabilities just like my conscious? Obviously if my conscious recognizes the correlations then he/I can filter them out (or leave em be :-P). I like to think that my conscious is... accepting... and will be willing to listen to anything my subconscious(es) have to say! But of course, everybody that can't handle the truth thinks that "they can handle the truth". My parents for one.

I mean this might just be a weird form of insanity that I've created, or it might all just be my imagination. On one hand it's annoying because the ramifications could be detrimental (possibly even invoking death!), but on the other I am fascinated by the concept of what I am describing!




Conscious thought is like a script or a program. Subconscious thought is like /dev/random being executed. Maybe this analogy falls apart or is dead wrong, but at the very least it's WHAT IT SEEMS LIKE.