Life (how it CURRENTLY is on earth in 2014) is like you're waiting in the lobby of a really bitchin' MMORPG that you know you're going to love. Then you say "brb food" and never come back to start the game. We are slaves to our bodies. We have to eat or else we die, which means we have to work, which means we have to innovate or submit -- both of which take up assloads of time.


I was thinking "what is the problem?" and really the problem is that evolution is slow and incremental. We aren't going to all of the sudden become intelligent. Democracy sucks, just slightly less than a dictatorship/etc. There are too many stupid people (evolution works too slowly) for the democracy to work. We're in a politically vulnerable state as a species: those slightly intelligent do a power grab (become a politician) and take advantage of everybody else.

Government by the minority is shit for obvious reasons (the minority are corrupted).
Government by the majority is shit too (way too many stupid people, politicians exploit the fuck out of the system, those with money have way too much power).

We have exhausted all possible options for any government by the people (and no, I'm not about to say LET MACHINES DOIT (because we code machines -_-)).

Even my "normalcy" concept was a true democracy (no politicians) -- I now think it would fail (it would be leaps and bounds better than what we have now, however). The stupid masses would continue to declare everything illegal one by one, slowly but surely. Money would still hold the ability to influence peoples' decisions. The only real benefit is world hunger/etc (which leads to freedom of expression for every human) would be solved. A biggy, but meh I'm thinking bigger now. I'm thinking about how victimless crimes are illegal. Democracy gives too much power. There isn't an institution responsible, it becomes our own damn fault. Anything the masses declare legal (or more importantly, ILLEGAL), becomes such. What do I want? I want to be surrounded by intelligent humans in a stable and fair/logical government. I want to be born in the future when all this shit has been figured out.