Love keeps us moving... at the slowest possible pace. Is this a pro or a con?

Keeps us moving: the only thing worth living for is love.
At the slowest possible pace: life/love is precious and fragile. We have to be careful as fuck to not rekt it.


Semi-OT: some thoughts that led up to the previous shiz: I have to force myself not to care. As soon as I start caring, I'm immobile (I've written this before). But what about love? Should I not love, then?


It's CERTAINLY a pro that it keeps us moving.
I don't mean moving in the strict chemical reaction sense (eat and sex make us 'move'). I mean poetic movement. Live a life of fulfillment.


Rephrasing of that semi-OT: I have to force myself not to care. I have the ability to care about any arbitrary thing of my choosing, but I should not use it. Once I use it on anything, I enter 'PROTECT THAT THING' mode and my entire life becomes defensive (which, imo, is unfulfilling).
... Oh wait that wasn't the train of thought: Once I use it on anything, depression follows. Anything I can care about is 100% guaranteed to be destroyed eventually. The thought of my mom in a coffin is unbearable.


I miss my apathy. Such freedom I had when I wanted to kill myself (towards the beginning, I really did) and just wanted to enjoy a few simple pleasures before I did the deed.


I almost want to delude myself. Delude myself that I don't care. I don't have the fucking ability to ACTUALLY not care ("the thought of my mom in a coffin is unbearable").


It's as simple as this: Life is depressing as fuck. The only way it isn't depressing is if you don't care.
(Note: life doesn't have to be depressing, but we're FAR from that)


OT'ish: I've theorized and documented verbal diarea on the subject a bunch. It would be easy to call me a kommie. But it's as simple as this: we're a dog eat dog world, and we don't need to be. We're "FAR" from not being a dog eat dog world. The cube grid theories of 'normalcy' are attempts at solutions, who gives a fuck if if they don't work. The one sentence that follows "But it's as simple as this" is my only argument. Here's another alternative to the overly simplicistic "cube grid normalcy": Hive mind 3d printed living quarters (once we don't depend on earth to survive, we can utilize the vastness of space to give people plenty of wiggle room to design their own shit (the hive mind aspect of it is the government part of it)).


The main argument for population control, even once we can live in space independent of earth, is that we can maximize the duration of our lives. 7 billion isn't that much at all [once we're in space]. We should implement population control at a rate so that we run out of resources at about the same time the universe collapses. Every human alive should be able to live "comfortably" (so we should be conservative with our math ("not run out" [of resources] is much better than "run out" [of resources])). 7 billion and growing like crazy... is kinda scary since we are still dependent on earth.


Mfw my use of the world "comfortably" relies on the "what a reasonable person considers comfortable", and I fucking despise those kinds of definitions xD.


Love: As soon as you start moving, you slam on the fucking brakes.
The moment you realize you've accelerated, you begin to decelerate(sp?).



Everything is connected. "I can't save the world before I move out": so I decided to launch (was staring at the oven thinking about Atlas Shrugged pt 3 movie, the security guard "I haven't said no! I haven't said yes!" (etc) was the best part of that overall shitty movie... realized I'm in the same boat as that guy so I just have to decide, fuck it), then spent a good deal of time (few days/weeks) deciding my political outlook. Should I renounce this piece of shit system? Blah then I'd have to develop my own one primitively (life can't exist without some form of politics, written or not. we simply butt heads unintentionally), then US&A will fucking shoot me. Accepting the system as it is is certainly EASIER. Maybe that's the root of the problem. Easier to go with the flow, but going with the flow makes shit worse and makes the system stronger. I want to FIX the system, but that seems damn near impossible. Politics is damn near impossible. Any politician who says they want to improve anything, is either stupid or has an agenda. Well I should clarify: if they claim they CAN improve it. Everyone WANTS to improve it. But yea anyways deciding whether or not to renounce this fucking piece of shit made me realize I went full circle: trying to save the world before I move out.
I need to be a leech on my society (that's what all businesses are) instead of just a leech on my parents. Distribute the load.
The more I do drugs, the more politically inclined I am. I get hella (had:wicked) smart when I doit the drugs, and I understand with outstanding clarity the thing I've heard said many times while sober: that whether you like it or not, politics affects all of us drastically.


Politics/modern-day-government is an attempted solution to the problem of our unintentionally headbutting. Solve the problem of our headbutting, don't try to solve politics. Cube grid/normalcy/etc, or something LIKE cube crid/normalcy/etc, are attempts to solve that unintentonal headbutting.

Solar fucking powered "food harvesting" and "shelter building" robots, gg. So fucking easy. The real problem: getting the corrupt/powerful controlled system (more importantly: it's people) to transition.

If I build it, they will come? Yea fucking right. They'd nuke it.
........but instant atomization is a nice clean painless death..... and IMT guarantees that there's at least one universe where they don't nuke it.......
^however, "property (land to build on, materials to build with)" is expensive as fuck. segfault. Need the backing of the system. Need the backing of the people. Need to transition: can't.


Nobody says there is a solution.
But I'm a hacker. I say "fuck you" to the problem, and make it work. How can I "fuck you system" and make this work?


Oh right I just re-remembered for the billionth time that I need to give into the system in order to move out before I can fix the system.


I am an operating system only in RAM. I need to reboot for repairs/upgrades. (inb4 "the ram can still be read for a few seconds after power off" -- gtfo this is my analogy bitch... there is not that shit).