I code faster when I code slower.
I code (macro) faster when I code (micro) slower.

The fucking requirement of 'profit' and all that bullshit makes me rush. Abc2 is/was a piece of shit and a huge waste of time. I even knew it would be a piece of shit before I started, but it ended up being even more of a piece of shit than I anticipated.

I like coding for free for fun. Once money enters the picture, it's no longer fun and I rush at it (because I just want to get money out of the way so I can go back to coding for fun). An aside: Coding is my only skill. I don't like doing it for money, but any other job I could land would be paying me 'chicken wages' (I read that phrase on urban dictionary a little ago while looking up something else: 'ice head').

Another aside: The only thing I want out of life is for life to not want anything out of me.

The fucking stress is noticeable. I feel sweaty and hot and shit when I'm coding all fastlike for 'profit'. It isn't just the fact that I live in Arizona, it's something else.

Fuck the USA. It packages 'slavery' and calls it 'freedom'.

The USA is great because it has democracy. That means it COULD fix itself. Yea I intentionally contradicted myself on my disposition towards the USA from one sentence to the next. One moment I want to weep for my enslaved peers, the next I'm filled with rage and want to kill them all. Happiness has been missing lately. Lifejail is in effect.

40 hours a week for ~40 years of your life.......... for what.... a fucking house and some fucking food? What a crock of shit. This system is fucking broken.

(continuing) "...democracy could fix itself": technically yes it has the power to fix itself. But it most likely won't anytime soon. There is no logical incentive for people to work together. "It's not a competition". Yes it is: you compete with your mom, brother, dad, friends, wife, everyone. "Giving back" is a crock of shit. All that does in this system is reward leeching/begging. There's not only no incentive to work together, there's actually an active incentive to not do so. How's love supposed to thrive in that environment?

The [political|life] game is rigged. Analogy: you join a multiplayer first person shooter server. It's 20 vs 1 (you're the 1). The 20 all have aimbots and wallhacks. Sure yea "technically" you could still win ("technically democracy can fix itself"), but good fucking luck with that. Semi-OT: The only way to compete with a sociopath is to be a sociopath (I've said before in many more words).

It's probably going to take thousands of years for democracy to fix itself, but fuck I'm alive NOW. Born too soon and fuck I want to freeze myself. The problem is that I _AM_ happy (well, this depression and raeg aside: I could be happy if the fucking system didn't demand I submit to it (semi-OT: I dropped out of college because I wasn't learning programming, I was only learning to be submissive)).... and I want to stay happy. If I "give in", I'm all too confident ima fucking snap and [...]. <-- 'not be happy'.

I could justify killing the president. I'd fucking do it if I thought it'd accomplish anything (resilient system is resilient). Note: I don't give a shit about Obabo personally and/or his politics (that I don't even pay attention to)... just his symbolic position in this 'slavery packaged as freedom' scam. I really do think it's a scam. Life's such a beautiful thing, but what my peers have made it disgusts me and fills me with rage. A slave has the right to kill his master. Nobody denies Spartacus had the right to revolt.

There used to be a time when humans could walk over to a tree, pick an apple, eat it, and survive. Now all the apple trees are CLAIMED and you have to submit your will to the CLAIMANTS for periods of time in exchange for some apples.

School didn't teach me how to survive. School only taught me how to be a part of the system. I'm like an animal kept in captivity. If I were to try to go 'live off the land' in the jungle or wherever, I'd probably die.

Eh this doc has veered way off the original point. Whatever.

The system is not capable of being criticized. Rather, the criticism is ignored and it's business as usual. At least in "the free market" (or should I say: "a free market"), a person can "vote with their wallet". The criticized business goes under and ceases to exist. That's impossible for the system as a whole. Your options are: try to live off the land (which you don't know how to do (so: die)), or submit to the system (thereby making it stronger and more difficult to fix). Voting (for laws and politicians) is taking part in the system. You can't reject it outright because it's so obviously broken and corrupt..... without [likely] dying.

It isn't "innovate, submit, or die". It's "submit or die". Even entrepreneurs are slaves to profits. What is profitable is decided by the system as a whole. Entrepreneurs are enslaved too (this I did not know while coding Abc2), they're just slightly less enslaved than typical "employees".

"Rent is too damn high" (a political party, lol) says it best. ~40 hours a week for ~40 years of your life... just to survive........ is asking too much. The actual amount of money in question is arbitrary and irrelevant. Build a fucking house on land that you have the implicit right to (I occupy 5'11 x ~2 at a bare minimum. Do I owe money for that volume the moment I'm born?) = a few weeks/months of work at most (I'm talking shed status here). Walk over to a tree and pick an apple whenever you're hungry. Then the rest of your life can be lived and enjoyed. 40 hours a week for 40 years of your life? I want to cry for and murder everyone.