In the beginning, there was at least one (this has to be true otherwise our being here right now (whether trip/dream/'there'is'no'word'for'it'--because 'real' is subjective (or do i mean to say relative?). arbitrary, as is the word arbitrary!). even though strict mathematicians wouldn't say it's been proven, i say that logically (logic = math + human...intuition?). i do not need maths to be sure that some form of ... consciousness... SOME FUCKING KIND OF OPERATING SYSTEM THAT IS SELF AWARE (the lowest definition i could think of)... is writing this right now. that at least one conscious thinks he exists (delusion or not, the existence count is > 0 in both cases)). [split yada yada] The one split into a shit ton of smaller pieces (some might even say infinite of them, though that isn't even a requirement). Sheer chance had them be the size where when together in clumps (and the reason we're in clumps is because of gravity (and the reason gravity exists is because that 1 is trying to put itself back together (will just break again (so really i've just answered nothing)))) they ignite into "fire"... or basically just light and heat is emitted simultaneously? The substance that the "1" is clumps together and following some weird permanent "laws of physics" (no idea where came from) then heat up until they are able to make the 1-subnodes split and/or convert (not sure which, but isn't nuclear fission/fusion the splitting and joining of them?) until new elements are created. Same process is applied and the elements are scattered all around and happen to be spinning around each other at various different "levels" by, again, sheer chance. If we didn't have that spin factor then.

Kinda weird to think we all came from a vector 1 bouncy ball.

.then we probably wouldn't exist...

The spinning (of the moon around the earth in this instance) gives you motion in the oceans which stirs the contents of the oceans, which is the necessary environment for the "random crap shoot" of utilizing-laws-of-physics-in-any-way-possible 0 and 1 "chomper vending machine" (human operating system) to, by sheer chance, emerge. I would state that this is the starting point of "life", but it's all arbitrary. The word is arbitrary and the assignment is too. Other "life forms" might start in other ways [unimaginable or otherwise]. Cloning emerges (and eventually becomes the refined "reproduction" we have today) and we have to get a "2 emergence at the same time" which is actually really really really fucking hard and why most religious people don't buy it at all.... we have to get "eat" and "clone" during one random emergence. Since we have unlimited time, this will always happen eventually. You don't need "patience" because there's nobody perceiving existence at this point. Eat gives us the ability to grow and further change, clone gives us the ability to pass along anything we grew, and possibly [re-]grow wrong (genetic mutation is the basis of evolution), to our clones [and logically, their clones]. Reproduction has become so refined that we all look unique at this point (though perfect cloning is already possible!). Natural Selection kicks in (easy to dominate when you are only "species" (since most of your variants are same size as you [at first ;-)])) and that's what weeds out the "weak" variations of yourself. At this point it is a simple and relatively short waiting game because we are able to "keep the good results and ditch all bad results" until we arrive at being human and, inevitably, self aware.

Now that we're here we are able to take advantage of EACH OTHER (free market, capitalism) to better ourselves. Yea, somehow that's fucking legal in 2013. Rofl.

I'm all for providing incentive to further science and art [and of course society in general (which is the purpose of furthering both to begin with)], but we need to make up / figure out a better way to do it than by providing our own variatons as slaves to other ones. Money is "a tool to keep track of time esp. when relating to trading time with others", _AND_ it is also "a tool of enslavement". The two statements in quotations are equivalent.




An amateur economist would say that "a man growing apples and selling them is creating value". He does not consider that the people who buy the apples from him have to get money from somewhere.

It's all a giant loan of time and we each have our own amount we owe and if you're intelligent you can "work the system" so that you owe significantly less time than others (what it really means at the end of the day is that you own their time. you can own millions of employee's time if you are intelligent enough).


Pre-computers and pre-robots, such monetary system is a requirement. Now that robots can finally automate our existences, we for the first time (in this bang instance) have the capability of all living free simultaneously. The goal is not to put one person above the other, nor is is to bring anyone down to anyone else's level (though this is the argument capitalists will use). The goal is to give all of us all of our free time. Communism attempted to do this and failed. It failed because it required human time to operate it and therefore it fell on itself because it didn't make any fucking sense. Robots run on autopilot when plugged into solar panels [or whatever efficient energy source is thought up]. Incentive can...

What is the incentive if there is no money?

Fun, yes. But how do you create artificial incentive if there is no money?

Drugs? I doubt that would catch on... and wouldn't we all get drugs for free anyways?


Fuck am I about to turn into a radical capitalist (gotta admit the money dollar sign in my eye sounds nice)?


Hah I've solved this problem before and it's not that hard.

Normalcy (survival plus SOME fun all for free, "SOME" voted upon by errbody. Art tools should all be free, but I mean that is within reason depending on how much resources they cost to create (Human Vote Subjective)) by default and robots can create, on demand, "incentive items". Humans can receive incentive items for the creation of incentive items. Human beings themselves take a vote on what incentive items certain things are rewarded. Figuring that out is difficult but certainly possible.


I mean seriously the free market / capitalism has SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO many people standing on other people's shoulders it's retarded/ridiculous. That stifles innovation because nobody wants to create something that someone else is going to take credit for. I mean, sure they still will some of them, but a lot of them don't want to devote all of their minds to someone else's will, you know? To do something entirely for yourself (work is not for yourself, if you are an employee (99.9999999% are)) yields much better results. Passion has great outcome.

New art forms can/will be discovered by allowing people, who would otherwise be working away at some stupid job for some other guy, to have some free time to themselves. Introspection and the FREE TIME REQUIRED TO HAVE OUTPUT/EXPRESSION will make knowledge (science and art) thrive.


The freeing up of everybody's time is a noble enough cause to justify doing it. We do need to keep an eye on people getting tooooo lazy. It should be fun to create because, imo and in my 'profession', creating is fun. Very fulfilling activity. Leaves you content and sleeping like a....... ok fuck it man I have the trippiest dreams ever (and I love it). Was going to say baby... but to each his own.