Shame turns even the bravest of men into cowards. Fuck shame. I believe the only way I can, and the easiest way to, rid my/our-selves of shame is to do away with it cold turkey. I could easily see a scenario where my hard drive(s) are stolen and "shameful documents" are found and sorted, and periodically released through intervals of my life. Each time one is released, I am burdened with shame. The only escaping that (should the data be stolen (fuck)) would be to disable all input indefinitely. I don't want to disable input (well I do and I don't. Do = fuck people usually; Don't = i leik collab y0, especially wit s0ftw4r3), so my only option left is facing it all at once. Cold fucking turkey. I could never "release periodically", because then I'd be inducing shame periodically just as the would be adversaries were above. Better to face it all at once and overcome it. What's the worst that happens? I _KNOW_ I won't kill myself. If I was worried about that, I'd either not release it or I'd shred it. I'll feel the shame, yes. I anticipate it. It will be all at once, however. A few days/weeks/months/years of shame and then I'll get over it. Better that than "every few years something shameful is released and I am back to square one". It will probably be "overwhelming", but I can't really figure out what that even means. In the grand scheme of things, it means jack diddly shit. I will turn bright red and cower and hide my face and stuff (or perhaps just go bright red and stay visible hopefully (factoring in 'launch' etc)), but none of that means ANYTHING. I will not die or get otherwise sick (medically/physically (MAYBE mentally, but eh that's another battle I think I can/will/am win[ning] (I am in the process of winning it. As soon as I launch, I have won (I hope, but am relative certain of it)))) from the vast amounts of shame. Nothing will happen. The disowning of friendships and "family members" (as if to declare such a thing even means anything. Family is biology and you cannot change your biology. But there is still the metaphorical disconnection which is essentially equivelant to the disconnection of a friendship (what I'm getting at here is that even if Kaylee hates me, she is still my cousin no matter what MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA YOU CANNOT ESCAPE KAYLEE ;-p)).