I am asking myself "is my next move (to launch) smart or stupid?". I'm trying to analyze it like I am able to analyze lots of other situations... but with no luck. It is possible to live while being pretty sure your next move is always smart (or at the very least, not stupid). You can live without taking risk. We are smart enough to predict the future with relatively high accuracy. (Our gift is our demise?). However in this instance, I am not able to determine whether or not my next move is smart or stupid. Only time will tell.

Likewise, a DNA strand cannot know (assuming a single DNA strand (I typo'd both of these into 'strang') COULD 'know' anything at all) in advance whether a mutation will be net negative or net positive. It makes sense that there are an order of magnitude more "net negative" DNA mutations than there are "net positive" (because breaking a [complex] system is almost always (tempted to take that 'almost' out, but not sure enough) easier than improving it). We see lots of downs syndrome humans around us, so we know mutations are still taking place.

To always take the safe route in life. To live without taking risks. We have it in our power to live such a life, BUT DOING SO IS 'STOPPING EVOLUTION'. It's stopping the mutation (it's a mutation in the analogy). Only moving when you are sure your move is smart (or not stupid) is literally equivalent to DNA never mutating.

So I need to be unafraid of my next move. Hell, I may have even just shown that there's a much greater chance that it's a stupid move than a smart one (hopefully that only applies to DNA?). REGARDLESS, I need to make the move because without _attempting_ it, I can never make the smart move.

I know I've thought about this plenty of times in the past, maybe not with as much clarity as this. There are infinite of me, or like me, in infinite alternate universes, and we all decide to make the move using [the same] logic. [At least] (didn't have 'at least' when the sentence was first written) ONE OF US will be 'smart'. Who gives a shit if it's not Steven Curtis Wieler II "d3fault"? I may be retarded, but at least I'm evolution.