It is not a matter of liberal vs. conservative like our political system APPEARS (and the media... uses?). Liberals (or at least, modern day democrats) offer no plan in terms of advancing knowledge, they are only concerned with "increasing the amount the government spends on it's constituents". It is not a matter of how much or how little, which is oddly what we tend to focus on. It's just a matter of "should money exist or not to begin with?". It is obvious and definitely true that the "government" should spend money on it's constituents... AND that government should exist. We are ALL definitely better off sticking together (meme theory) than being solo survivors. Robots, however, means nobody depends on anyone... so how liberal you are with resources is not a "hurr that means I have to work more" issue. It's just a matter of being efficient with the resources available to you (plenty of stars out there) so that you don't blow yourself up.

It is human nature to try to find someone/something to blame. Republican Capitalists (admittedly, the driving force of today's economy) blame Liberal Democrats, because they are the only people around who are trying to remove money from them by increasing their taxes. Liberal Democrats blame Republican Capitalists because the republican capitalists are trying to, in a simple blind pursuite of getting more money for themselves, lower taxes.

This is the entire economy and political system and our mass media in a nutshell. This is 2013.


"Red" vs. "Blue"
hurrrrr
"arbitrary group of people whose priorities are this" vs. "arbitrary group of people whose priorities are that"


They only coincidentally are related to one another.




But at the end of the day any Republican Capitalist is going to agree that there should be SOME tax > 0.




That we focus our minds on arguing what that arbitrary tax % number should be is fucking hilarious and sad simultaneously. We are that stupid.


With robots the concept of tax vanishes altogether. We all own all resources and we all decide what the robots will give us all for "free" (food, shelter, [...]). The robots are created by me for fun, but also by others for incentive. People are encouraged to dabble in anything they want. Any/all humans can decide to reward incentive for any creation, OR use that creation as an incentive for future creations. The first creation of course requires a bootstrap incentive (I will do it for fun anyways haha!). And that I guess requires that the creations are... creatable by robots and don't have to be manually made. Still there are looooooots of creations (therefore incentives) that fall under this category.

Maybe "pure art" (robot un-replicable) gets a higher value than others just because of exclusivity factor? I wonder if that becomes a problem. Most all of my art will be 1:1 copy'able :-D. Drawings, for example, are not.