Let the infinite stream of good men with a thirst for blood (shit is inscribed in our dna yo) fight the infinite stream of evil men; I'll be in the corner jacking off, explicitly not watching because it _IS_ entertaining (and therefore distracting).


I've seen Apocalypose Now at least 5 times (the redux at least twice), but I felt like I watched it for the first time ever last night. So many scenes and lines I didn't remember. I obviously remembered the gist of it, but the metaphors and symbology popped out further than ever before (this sentence sucks because your own interpretation of the movie is used to interpret this very sentence). Cried when that french woman said "you are a lover and a killer", so true. Didn't remember that line at all (but did remember the french people scene vaguely).


I'm starting to think I might have one minor mental disorder: laughing. I can't not laugh at very inappropriate times, even when I'm feeling sad. My sadness is analytical I guess. I analyze something and see it as sad, but rarely do I FEEL the sadness. Instead, a huff of laughter rolls out of my laugh/nose... as if it were containing my sadness in a sealed cloud of laughter... and once it exits the sadness is no longer inside me (unless perhaps I analyze it more (but it still is different. like err uhm the analyzing and seeing something as sad stays, but whenever I'm about to feel sad, a tiny laugh comes out instead)).

I've known for a long while that I laugh instead of cry. I see them as options with how to deal with the world. We are a tragic comedy, and I choose to laugh! BUT now I'm wondering if it is unhealthy. I see no reason why it should be, BUT I acknowledge that it might mean I'm hiding something from myself. It is probably impossible to solve without an outside party, do I now flop back to wanting to assert my sanity with a shrink? I would _DEFINITELY_ record it (and the thought of not sounds insanity inducing). Bleh I think most shrinks are probably too stupid to be able to tackle that problem right away and would instead study me and bullshit like that (which I don't mind, just don't waste my time). I'd need to find a reasonably (*cough*) intelligent one who could/would ignore the various other doors of thought my brain posesses (arrogant sup) and focus solely on the laughing matter (exploring doors only as needed (although perhaps psychology is similar to codan in that you must understand the system [as a whole(?)] in order to hack it))

I think laughing is a good solution to crying, I just want to make sure I'm not hiding anything from myself.