"Dear World: Fuck You"
i want to go for the dream
since i am capable
since i have evolved the mental capability
since i have learned how to think [freely]
since i have a dream
since it is so simple and so pure
so innocent
there is nothing evil about it (though i do still predict it will get me assassinated)
i should go for it
i visualize myself in a small box with inward facing double mirrors
so i can only see myself
it can be in the middle of times square for all i care
or underground in some "secure" location
fuck it
i want to be left to my own devices and code music trip
sure i may grow bored of it
but it sounds blissful
i do also want to leave and go in the woods from time to time
get some fresh air and perspective of the world i am in
but that's my working zone
that's my "output only" mode
FUCK YOUR OPINIONS
they just throw me off
it's bullshit
bill o'reilly is doing an injustice to humanity by saying "so and so should be ashamed of themselves"
fuck it
oh look i contradicted myself in a single sentence
"bill o'reilly is doing an injustice" (therefore he should be ashamed???? what is HIS punishment for it??? it's horse shit anybody can do anything and nothing fucking matters)

if i stay inside with no input, i will probably remain safe and alive (poison etc in food/drugs is a big concern still (growing/creating my own food/drugs is a solution i suppose))
but it's when i want to go out and about
and shit, i DO want to accept input. how else am i going to collaborate with my fellow free software/content junkies??? i can't code everything by myself. whether i'm just accepting 'work done' from someone... or if i am using revenue to hire someone to code free software for me... i have to interact... which requires accepting input
gah it's all bullshit my dream is fucking bullshit
i guess only the 'output-only' portion of it is
it's DO'able
but it isn't... feasible...
i mean, other wants that i have contradict it entirely

still, 100% public full blast 'not giving a fuck' mode is still doable
that is the pure/simple 'dream' that i think i should go for
it has nothing to do with output-only etc...
though i do still have to worry about drugs
which leads me to compromising 100%
which leads me to allowing me to compromise for other things as well
which leads me into a confused state where i question everything
and i'm just going in fucking circles here~