As I sit here contemplating a yesterday's discovery/thought: lawyer-smart means STFU... I'm getting more and more worrisome of my going public. What if I am censored [by means of detainment]? What if my thoughts really are transformed into "crime" by some crafty lawyer. This state [of existence] is bullshit. Free Speech is discouraged because of the constantly growing amount of laws. Slander, Libel, Obscenity... what's next? Fuck what I said yesterday. Trademark Infringement is a WHO GIVES A FUCK. Reality is stupid. "Do No Harm" is a physical thing. When ideas and objects become "property", then they have a sort of legal physicality. Taking others' ideas and/or objects is a crime. I find that half bullshit. Ideas are free and conceptual (as are works of art), whereas a 'car' is a non-copyable good. Is that the determining line for illegality (in my dream world of course)? Whether or not it can be copied for next to nothing?

"News Corp" is a trademark
would News Company infringe?

News is a concept. The problem with copyright/trademark is the removal of perfectly good words from the English dictionary. SORRY BRO CAN'T USE THAT WORD NOW, IT'S TRADEMARKED. "That's Hot", are you fucking kidding me? Somebody take Paris Hilton out back and shoot her in the fucking head.

It's only when representing a company, but it's a bullshit slippery slope. Yes I contradict my previous self and might even contradict myself/change-my-mind now



....I just visualize myself sitting alone tripping my ass off spouting WORDS [without action. not controlling robots to do evil etc].... and somehow stumbling accidentally/unknowingly into some "illegal thought" category and then being raided, detained, etc.


I want to be left alone. Anything should be allowed to be said. ANYTHING. Words do not "do harm". Actions do. I can call myself News Corp and then threaten to kill everyone (or perhaps the president of the United States)... but no harm is done.

Aren't there laws/case-laws against pre-emptive action? What the fuck world do I live in?



SHOULD I HARNESS ANONYMITY?
It will give me:
1) Voice in which I desire
2) Pseudonym in which I desire (I do want it to be linked with my persons, however this is an obvious sacrifice for anonymity)
3) Privacy that not being anonymous doesn't give me
4) "Security" from said privacy, though I think the paranoia factor might increase tenfold (but it's going to be high either way)
5) Published Material (can't be voice/video :-/) can't be jacked
6) Drugs/Food become a lot easier to manage, as I simply blend in


The downsides:
1) Can't think->speak->record->broadcast in libre/nothing-held-back mode, EXCEPT FOR TYPING/CODING (video/voice are incredibly difficult to do anonymously)
2) A different weighing of paranoia. The paranoia of being stalked/deciphered/figured-out in silent. My assassination will not be captured either
3) Possibility of my pseudonym never being linked with my persons (doeet on your death bed or right before frozing or when you wake up lawl)
4) No name/face/PERSON for rallying behind, which increases collaboration productivity a thousand fold (decreases without). People need rally points
5) Having a lie in your brain is a weight on your conscience and trips/dreams are negatively affected





Nowhere in being anonymous is evil implied. I tend to lump the two together. "You have pushed me to be anonymous so I will have my revenge", or something. Or maybe even just "why the fuck not". Perhaps I NEED to be public to keep me from committing evil? I have said that before in different words.


Anonymous is the route to take if you don't have confidence in infinite multiverse theory. It is safer and yet you can still release software and text as much as you want.



Weirdly, I think maintaininig the illusion of 100% mode while having a hidden pseudonym would be easier than only having a hidden pseudonym. The 100% public person has no reason to be investigated/tracked/spied-on, whereas the other character might eventually raise suspicion. This claim could be wrong, but there is definitely SOME truth to it.





I feel as though the options are:
1) Be a fucking ruthless serial killer for fun and lulz and harness your h4x0ring skillz to unleash mayhem FOR FUN and to cure boredom
2) Be a good person (though an asshole) that is broadcasting publically his every thought/action/etc



The "be silent to be lawyer-smart" shit is really getting to me. I don't want to be detained. Fuck off.


What if I am pushed into silence? Then do I default to category (1)? It'll be harder then, but meh Tor and Bitcoin have mathematical guarantees of anonymity (if used right).



This is my threat, of sorts. LET ME SPEAK AND SAY ANYTHING I WANT, or I will kill you for fun. That's more or less it, as stupid as it sounds. I wouldn't make that threat at a hearing... I'd SIT_IN_SILENCE and let the lawyer speak for me.

Words are not crimes.
Actions are crimes.
Words can control actions.

It is the nature of the words/actions that dictate whether it is a crime.
Therefore, words CAN BE crimes.
Is a threat [to Mr. Fucking Special (god of Earth)] over that threshold?

We have a gray area, so it is impossible for us to not shoot ourselves in the foot. "Freedom of Speech" only applies to non-criminal speech. Non-criminal speech is SUBJECTIVE and depends entirely on who is interpretting it. This world sucks.