I don't hack, I just sit and stare at the screen until the correct sequence of keys required to hack are erroneously sent through the CPU's registers.


Shirt:
Life should be fun
BECAUSE
otherwise it isn't


The "abuse" of delivering the package was only because I was running and it was hot out. I don't even think I had to run.. but maybe I did.


There was another dream I am hesitant to mention: Caydon was watching a screen (computer/internet, presumably) with me and there was a flash of porn and he saw two fat fucks.. err.. fucking. After he saw it I figured I might as well explain to him the science behind it: that image/video you just saw is how humans/babies are made. Still seemed weird and he too young, but I figured it was better than him seeing the image without the explaination. Idk why I was so hesitant to mention it, doesn't seem THAT bad.


A drunk proof computing environment while retaining free will is much easier to attain than a death proof living environment while retaining free will. Relevance to each other? None (or little) aside from the fact that I want both.


Business/profit is relative micro "common sense". It is not intentionally evil (THEREFORE IT ISN'T EVIL!?!?). The long term defects brought upon society/the-planet are, I would say/guess/theorize, mostly accidental. I tend to feel a hatred toward greedy businessmen, but I now think this hatred is misplaced (where aim then?). Only if after explaining to the short-sighted businessman how the relative micro "common sense" is ALSO absolute macro "stupid as fuck" the businessman still does not change his ways can he be considered evil. Stupidity IS the enemy, so I have said this before in a less understood way. I'm still iffy on whether it's even worth my time to try to explain ("You can't reason with religious people otherwise there wouldn't be religioius people" -House == "You can't reason with stupid people otherwise there wouldn't be stupid people" -teh). Sidestep them, BUT THEY ARE THE VOTERS. US&A puts them in control. Somewhat rightfully so.... though I am for the first time in my life highly doubting that statement. Is technocracy the answer? Stupid stupid stupid, any non-decentralized government is guaranteed to be corrupt (technocracy is just that (what you think "engineers" won't take bribes? hah!)). What is the answer, then? Who says there is one!? I'm close to determining that 100% of my effort won't be enough, which is EXCELLENT (and also shit/terrible)! IMT says I have to try 100% in each and every instance in order to make it out of any (because the percentage is probably is NOT determinable in most cases (and that appears to be true in this one as well)). To be honest I can't even imagine a case where the percentage IS determinable that the effort is worth it (<= 100% effort required). If it were so close/easy that the determination could be made, we'd likely already be there (because of other people's work most likely). I can however imagine cases where 100% effort isn't worth it, and I'm theorizing that as time moves forward I'm getting closer and closer to that point [where 100% won't cut it]. Hell theorizing is a weak statement: I'm pretty damn sure of it. I guess I should say that I'm theorizing that it's FUCKING CLOSE MAN. The cut off point in TIME is either behind me or coming up quick! THAT's the theory. Truth to it: "probably".


Caydon's here for 4 days. I don't hate him, but I hate everyone right now so yes I hate him. I hate my dog as she comes in and out of my room every few minutes. I think I've earned bitching about it: I'd soooooooo rather be working on the hacky ABC than playing Halo with Caydon right now (over these days). At least monday will come and I'll even have the house to myself for the first time in a month or so (gawsh dad, how selfish of you to fall and get a head injury and take a month off!).


Dream:
The night after I gave Hannah 3x DL-DVDs with my launch distribution on it (minutes after the 7za operation completed!), I had this dream: I was walking in a park and I pissed off some guy who was apparently part of a gang as I found out later (or knew at the time, I forget). I don't even remember what I said but he started like following me and trying to jump me and shit around the park and I'd have to run and hide etc. I ran over near a baseball referee (which later became a soccer referee (idfk)) because for some reason they wouldn't kick my ass in front of him (and hey, it worked). I didn't want to seem like I was siding with the referee so I sort of broke off away from him even though I did engage in conversation with him (there were a few, but I talked to only one). He said he wanted to come with me and he had a metal bar/pipe that he'd use to I think kill the guy who was wanting to kick my ass. I thanked him for the offer but declined his help and I walked out of the park passing by/through a group of people (I made sure that the guy following me wasn't one of them before proceeding). They were chillen on/near some bleachers and to the left (behind) the bleachers was a chain link fence with a gate leading to a parking lot and the street and the rest of the city/town/whatever. As I walked up to the chain link fence I had to say "excuse me" or something to get one of the people standing around the-bleachers/there to get out of the way of the gate. He obliged and I continued through the gate, but then I heard or somehow knew he followed me through and began chasing me. I knew what was going on at that point: it was the guy from earlier's friends/gang. I ran and I recall jumping and landing with my back to a fence/wall and him jumping and saying "you think you can just say anything?" and me saying "no" at the same time the knife pierced my chest (heart area). It was like Gob on Arrested Development... "but... I'm... white...". Too late, my big mouth got me killed. I guess I hoped that my saying no right then would make him not stab me. "Oh, you changed your mind about speaking your mind? Ok LoL won't shank ya xD". Bleh. Waking up from that dream I had a good long think and got as close as I've ever come to bitching out and doing anon shit. I know I'm playing a dangerous game: real life is dangerous. There's simply nothing else for me. The alternatives are shit and I refuse. I was also confused and lol'd at myself for saying "no"... though I guess meh it does make sense as I now am a self-censorer (FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF). I think I had the same/similar dream the night after, except my saying no DID prevent me from getting shanked. Oh I should mention that in the first one where I got shanked, it was just a big friggin dude. A big gangster with a hoodie etc: you could tell he didn't give a fuck. I think the dream where I was fending off bats with a spear/stick and I missed one and it hit me in the chest happened the same night as the second one where "no" made me not get shanked. So yea: socially + chance can kill me, socially + chance can not kill me, nature + chance can kill me, [...].