d3fault's equilibrium: the price of a tasty hamburger from an upscale fast food restaurant will always be just a bit less than minimum wage. I agree with the "free market purists" that we shouldn't have a minimum wage. It takes the arbitrarity of the concept of money out of it. It in itself arbitrarily creates a data point with which economics function revolve around. Creating an arbitrary data point in an arbitrary system messes things up. The system in which you create the arbitrary data point becomes no longer arbitrary. It becomes "scaled" to whatever data point you introduce. Having a minimum wage sets the standard for "decently wealthy". It now becomes.... eh.... I mean if you want to talk about "middle class" decently wealthy, it's about 4 or 5 times the minimum wage (maybe 8 or 9, but I wouldn't say much higher) AND ALWAYS WILL BE. Wealthy wealthy will always vary wildly. We cannot predict when a being will be able to harness the free market to become filthy fucking rich or how filthy fucking rich he'll become. Politicians however will always make some consistently-much-higher-than-minimum-wage salary that they set for themselves (conveniently, they set both arbitrary data points). I have written before about how a politician is "always rich", but this says it much more accurately. The "N" you are looking for is whatever ~200k/8 is. 200k is what politicians make in 2013 (roughly/guessing/fuckit), 8 is what the minimum wage is (ditto). I am too lazy to do the math so yea you can easily calculate an "N" from it just like those 4/5/8/9 above for "decently wealthy" (middle class).

I'm not here to form the argument that without a minimum wage that people will be performing practically slave labor just as our 3rd world counterparts (everything will balance out most likely (WITH/AGAINST our 3rd world counterparts -- this is why our politicians create the arbitrary data point for us... the reality of it is that we'd all be worked to the bone for dirt fucking cheap (i think (but could be wrong))), but I will acknowledge it. I offer no solution to it, I only demonstrate/elaborate on a "con" of the minimum wage data point introduced by "us" (the government (not really us (because it's politicians (a very small percentage)))).