0) Silencer, cheapest meal
1) Suzy's house, no room to fuck in
2) Gma apt
3) Tent shoes, shoe salesman, shave, halo nda+coder map

All of these dreams happened on (I think) different nights over the past week or so, but are in chronological order at least


0) Was at a diner and I ordered the cheapest meal on the menu. At the end of the dream some regulars told me that that was the only thing on the menu that sucked. They described some other dish that went up in spiciness or something, and said something about medium... perhaps it was the best... or maybe that's when it started getting good. I think the meal was brought to you in phases.

At the beginning of the dream when checking in the the hostess, she sold me a pistol for about $350. I held onto it while eating but the whole time I regretted the purchase just because I was too poor. After eating/etc I decided to return it. The hostess then demo'd the gun out back. I didn't notice it until she demo'd it, but the gun had a silencer on it. Sounded pretty damn quite/cool when she shot it. I asked her "that's the gun I already paid for?". She said yes, and I decided to keep it. When talking to my friend who I was with, he asked why I changed my mind. I said because a silencer alone goes for about $350. He asked me what kind, and I said err the generic/regular kind I guess (I didn't/don't really know).


1) Was at Suzy's [mom's] house and I'm pretty sure I was there with another girl, but maybe not. Suzy's mom said something along the lines of "you can go (code for 'fuck') in any of the rooms". Eh idfk but I think I started getting a handy underneath a blanket (maybe a blowy) (from either that girl or Suzy, I forget). John said something in disapproval (since we weren't in one of the rooms), something along the lines of "I think that qualifies" [as sex/etc]. So we went upstairs and tried to find a room, but the only one free was the computer room, which wasn't really even closed off from the main hallway/etc (even though it really is, it wasn't in the dream), so we still weren't technically "in a room". I don't remember much else.

My interpretation of this is that it was reflecting how public nudity and sex in public are illegal, which imo is bullshit since we were born/evolved naked and houses didn't get invented until we became humans. But hey, democracy can do whatever the fuck it wants, regardless of the injustice.


2) At some old lady's house/apt, like a grandma or something, which was on the second floor. If you went out her balcony/window and went to the left and ninja'd along the side of the building, there was an air shaft you could barely crawl in and which was barely long enough to lay down in. I can't really remember, but I think I slept/lived in there while the gma was home.. then when she'd leave I'd crawl back in through the balcony/window and into her house. I think there was maybe cops in the dream and I used the same hiding place to hide from them as they came in the gma's house, but I'm unsure they were even in the dream and have no idea what they even came for. Much later towards the end, there were more people involved and I talked to them while standing on the balcony etc. They wanted me to come down and maybe go somewhere with them in their truck. I jumped from the balcony since there was like 5ft of snow on the other side of the road the truck was parked on. I think there was someone standing next to me who jumped first though, I forget.


3) All of this took place at a sort of multi-storied shopping mall type place. I think the upper floors were non-store businesses, and the bottom floor was a clothing store. The ordering of the events is kinda unknown. I think the halo parts were both at the beginning and at the end. Whatever. I was walking around in the clothing store and looked down at my shoes and realized that each one of them was a tent! They did seem rather large and cylindrical for shoes, yea. I only realized this after some mom told her kid, who was wearing the same kind of shoes, to not pull on some flap/piece because that was the windscreen (or whatever it's called to keep the flies out) when in tent mode. Very shortly after that, I walked by a group huddled around a shoe salesman (no, they weren't tent shoes he was selling, just regular ones). They all seemed so sucked in by his spiel. The only thing I heard him say was "you should have seen the last guy. he just put on the shoes and walked away (presumably to go pay for them)". He said it in such a douchebag manner/tone, but I knew he was just doing his job/etc. I took a few more steps on the walkway in this shopping store and looked over and in one of the departments was a man standing in a bathtub and another man shaving him. The guy was pretty hairy from head to toe, and I saw a good chunk of his back hair get removed in one long shave. It seemed almost like bear fur, but maybe not quite (just much harrier than most (and of course somewhat bald on parts already shaven)). In the dream I thought it was a strange sight, especially given the location. When I woke up I thought it about on par with the weirdness of my dreams. Now onto the upstairs business stuff. I think I was a beta tester or something for a new halo game (notice how I didn't say _THE_ new halo game... fucking idiots milking that shit halo1forlife). The actual testing parts escape me, but later I was pissed at myself for having signed an NDA. I knew that that NDA would get in the way of my freedom of expression. (OT/analogy'ish: you're starving to death and every business requires you to sign an NDA (maybe not an NDA, but they'll fire you if you don't conform to their standards)). Eh later I was shown a global map of people contributing to that halo. Most all of them were testers. A decent size of them were artists/etc. Very few of them were coders, maybe like 3. Idk why I found that significant, but it seemed the coders were the ones orchestrating the whole thing.