I have the balls to face my shame and embarrassment, I think I've proven that at least with this launch. What has me now is the literal inability to express myself. It's the generalized problem of parents. It's not their fault, their parents probably did it to them too (so on and so forth). We need a Visitor Q in this household. Either that or I need to gtfo of here. The latter sounds easier and more likely to happen. By leaving I simply change the equation. Same chaotic society/existence, different equation that hopefully is more enjoyable (ie, one I can fucking express myself in). While I'm on the subject of "changing the equation", that's exactly what society as a whole CAN'T do. Sure in my little puny existence here with my parents, it's possible. But society as a whole? Slave to fucking profits.

In order to gtfo of here I've been thinking about sacrificing the next few YEARS of my fucking life just to retire off some mediocre passive income bullshit investments (real estate, easy, gg). That would (will?) fucking blow, but on the bright side I've already gotten over the most difficult (probably/hopefully ?) hump in my life: launch. I keep thinking to myself that Abc2 was a fucking waste of time and I could have been working towards that passive income bullshit (hating my life THEN instead of the immediate future). I see that coding Abc2 made me a better coder, and the entire path in general led me to who I am... but the absolute strongest argument with "following the Abc2 path was good and beneficial" was simply the fact that I launched. What I mean is that sure I can shut my brain off and allow myself to become a miserable fuck like the rest of the world for a few fucking years, yea. I've written about this pre-launch and was afraid that I'd "forget" or "lose the will to launch" or "become greedy" or "let the shame/embarrassment eat me alive as I weigh it all against the mediocre survival I eeked out for myself"........ but now all I have to worry about is "becoming greedy"... the rest of those quotes in this sentence are already dealt with. I think someone would remind me if I got TOO caught up in making money ("forget"). "Losing the will to launch" is no longer applicable. "Shame/embarrassment", my embarrassing as fuck shit is already out there so it's TOO DAMN LATE muahahahaha I just fucking owned myself and I'm so fucking glad. I have much more confidence that if I turn my brain off and become a working->investing zombie that I can resume this fucking launch at least a few years down the road. I mean yea obviously I don't want to do that, but it's starting to look like that's what I gotta do.


There's this whole dilemma of "making the dream profitable". It's a fucking FLOSS/DPL dream, so I should never have corrupted it with Abc2 to begin with (but hey I'm not complaining that it's coded and works :-P). Making a dream that doesn't already involve profit (because admittedly 99.9999% of people just dream of dollar signs)... profitable.... almost always corrupts the dream. It did in my case. Hindsign 20/69 fuck you.

I'm still to this day plagued with deciding whether or not to attempt to turn a profit with computers. I completely admit and understand that it may be a "faster route to passive income retirement". But it's my hobby. After a long day of work you want to come home to your hobby. But if you've been doing a corrupt version of your hobby all day at work, you probably don't want to come home and do more of it (whether corrupt or not).

And why the fuck is selling your body (prostitution) illegal whereas selling your brain (slavery) is not?

To be honest I'd rather sell my body than my brain. I was thinking about giving massages for profit a few weeks back when I stumbled upon that fucking gem of deductive reasoning. I, like most people, "take my job home with me". I find it extremely difficult to work on a set of programming problems for the majority of my day, and to not have those programming problems bleed through to my spare time. I literally dream about programming problems, let alone all the thinking I do about them in my spare time and even while in the shower. The subject matter (necessarily boring ass 'for profit' stupid simple code monkey shit) sticks to my brain, like fucking spoog to some ho's twat. I'd seriously rather have a little bit of cum stuck to my hands, wrist, and even face.... than to have my fucking mind taken over by some meaningless silly businessman's for-profit project (they almost always suck). Yea being an entrepreneur is no different, I have to pump out some product that the whole of society deems profitable. I'd rather suck a dick, at least that way I'd still have my dreams.


OT'ish/semi-joke: I'm hypocritical with my stance on prostitution. I think it's disgusting that humans are forced into sex just to survive... but if it weren't for prostitutes I'd never get laid (o the end of this sounds like dat Sublime song).