....on balancing acts...
I have had in my thoughts lately, especially during the last night of sleep... been contemplating one very simple concept that is practically impossible to solve:

a) Infinite Multiverse Theory
b) 6-Bullets In Revolver (all of which are duds)


PROBABILITY is what factors in here
probability says both are true

so... WHAT THE FUCK?

99.99999999999999999999999999% chance that 1 of the 6 bullets go off and you die
given infinity (aka multiverse theory), and the _fact_ that you can't NOT exist (so hard to even think about that, but that's the point! you can't think because you're dead!), you can only live

but i am not willing to "test" it

especially given the amount of "vegetable" state universes that will result. fuck that shit.




i react on cause
my actions are effects


given infinity, every cause/effect "timeline" (identical universe) exists
so what is free will?
do i have it?
is ALL OF THIS minddump crap merely a result of cause?
the events that have occurred throughout my life
which are SEEMINGLY so complex that they could never be replicated....
....CAN be replicated... and ARE(AM?) replicated... because infinity DOES exist?


the question
is a yes or no question
does infinity exist?

if(infinityExists)
{
	we do not have free will
}
else
{
	we do have free will
}



i choose
i want
i hope(?)
i think free will exists

so does that mean i THINK (choose/want/hope) infinite multiverse theory does not exist?


that i am NOT replicable?
that i AM killable?

i don't feel THAT unique
obviously i do amongst 7 billion
but that's such a low number when stacked against infinity... so low it isn't even a blip on the graph (nor is any number rofl)...




i do not think there is an answer
we are in a balancing act

you must "opt-in" to security measures
you must "opt-out" of detected threats

COMMON FUCKING SENSE... RIGHT????

and that's just the thing:
is my going live broadcast thingy-ma-jigger a detected threat????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

i think i'm willing to do it
even if it is 6 bullets in the chamber
because NOT doing it accomplishes nothing
and because i'm clearly going in-fucking-sane (or already am) in my current state of privacy/alone'ness



but it's still an undetermined question that will always linger
it's a balancing act
and there is no easy solution to "perfect"





of course, in the futuristic society i envision/dream/TRIP(:-D) about... copyright infringement is non-existent... and my fellow humans are tolerable and reasonably intelligent... so for both problems I HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
however, i am in reality 2012
fuck
fuck my life.

born2soon.jpg
etc


wat do?

live as though i am already there?
lol prison/raids/etc (copyright infringement is given more attention that murder in this day and age. what bullshit)


you know


in some fucking weird way...


i should definitely fucking launch no matter the fuck what

i'll be assassinated in LOTS of universes yea yea yea
i'll be put only into a vegetative state in lots of universes too!

my GOING PUBLIC/LIVE thingy could be a weird fucking way to FAST FORWARD to the future
i am shot, i am not killed. i am put into a coma. i am frozen. i wake up in the future. the end. live happily ever after~
fantasy? reality? is there a difference?
of course, i do want to live a fulfilling pre-frozing life as well (and be frozen LATER)
and really
the only fulfilling pre-frozing life i can come up with is live/public/launched

so i'm really really really leaning towards launching
worst case scenario with launching: there is only one of me and i am killed really fast
as opposed to the best case scenario without launching: i live in paranoia but for a really really long time

FUCK
that's it
i am definitely fucking launching
i was pretty dead set on it before, but coffin meet nail (actually i think i've already nailed the coffin in... now i'm just adding MORE nails to make it impossible to open lul? (inb4 kill bill punch my way out of it. fuck off))



meh actually fuck that's not entirely true:
best case of not launching: i live paranoid for a really long time and then wake up after frozing and then live happily ever after because at that point i am not afraid (or really: unable) to launch
however, by then i'll have lived an ENTIRE LIFE in a paranoid/private state, so switching will maybe be difficult? then again i have "indefinite"/almost-unlimited time to do it
"can't teach an old dog new tricks" comes to mind...
...but i'll be young relative to my post-frozing life length...
weird.

i can see cracks of light in this coffin! fml.



wat do


wat do



that 'best case scenario for not launching' is like the equivalent of... not pulling the trigger of the 6 bullet revolver?
or maybe i'm wrong there, idfk


risk
reward


no risk
no reward (NOT TRUE, post-frozing survival = reward!)


fuck


risk
reward (NOT ALWAYS TRUE, HENCE "RISK")



fuck
would you even be WILLING to stay in this private/paranoid state for the rest of your life?
i guess that's the question you should be asking..........................
sure it's safer
but.... COULD YOU EVEN MAKE IT?
before... blowing your fucking brains out.... or something?
(LOL @ CONTRADICTION OF LOGIC. could i even blow my brains out xD)


i do believe i can commit suicide.
but i also believe multiple universe theory means that in at least one universe, i won't have decided to commit suicide!

what
the
FUCK

hence, i cannot commit suicide
a DIRECT contradiction to just a few lines back....



does infinity exist?
YES
how can time have a beginning or an end?
how can "space" have a beginning or an end?


infinity existing vs. probability that "free will" actions will get you killed
is really all it boils down to
there probably isn't an answer to that

so i'm inclined to say: don't waste time thinking about it
except i have to
i feel inclined to solve it even!!!
it's my approach to thinking about it!
what else would i be thinking about??????

it's impossible to solve, but must be thought about, so i try to solve it

hence this infinite fucking loop i am in, mentally
pretty sure i've discussed this shit dozens of times by now



i say: be myself
because: i'm doing OK so far
reason: i'm still alive

HOWEVER: i am a private motherfucker
and: i intend on changing that
SO: i might not be doing OK after i have changed
consequence: i am dead


ROOOOOOOOOOOOFL



since there is no way to get to "perfect" (middle or w/e), the only thing i can possibl do is: be myself
except that isn't true either: i can continue hiding in private etc (which, coincidentally, is 'being myself' right now (and i hate it))

being myself means considering security risks
even while public/live/launched i will consider them

but doing so contradicts my confidence in infinite multiverse theory
that the killer approaching me simply does not exist in alternate universes

BUT THEY EXIST IN THIS ONE


yes
infinite multiverse theory says that you don't have to do anything at all ever
and you'll still be successful
you can be a fucking totem poll in every universe and still come out on top in at least one universe
but each universe is slightly different (not necessarily, but the ones that are the 'exact same' are essentially... one universe (???))
so in some, the totem poll gets chopped down
it's back to the subject of free will again
if "they exist in this one", then they exist in a lot of them... and should be dealt with (by defending yourself!)
doing so... increases... the chance of infinite multiverse theory... "making it"
except you DON'T NEED TO INCREASE THE CHANCES
if the above is true, why aren't we immortal/stble yet?
why haven't we escaped the great collapse?
have we just "not gotten there yet" on the scale of infinity?
infinity says we definitely will
but it doesn't say when...


should each universe be lived in as though it is the only one?
if that's the case, i should cower in private/paranoia in order to stay alive
not "living" a fulfilling life (and possibly WASTING it all... because post-frozing might fail (if there's only one!))

i am so utterly confused
when i trip, i get a certain confidence in myself. a confidence in infinity. i can visualize myself "splitting" as i trip. i see the world around me "splitting" infinitely. it's quite a sight (thought?), and describing it does not do it justice


perhaps my interest in infinity derives from being a programmer. we deal with the concept of infinity (while(true) { } sup) on a regular basis. it is a vital tool in fact
^this is me merely trying to explain/figure-out why my trips are so fucking awesome




-DO NOT TAKE UNNCESSARY RISK-

Right. Makes sense. Definitely makes sense.

Here's two that follow it, yet contradict each other:
a) Do not pull a trigger of a revolver with 6 bullets loaded into it (one is bound to work)
b) Do not launch publically live (you are bound to be assassinated)



I genuinely have 'relative certainty' confidence that I will be assassinated...







.....and I also have 'relative certainty' that infinity exists.







wat