I haven't been doing anything at all these past few days... unless you count thinking. I'm trying to come up with a design for cryptography (the hardest kind). To secure my bullshit data and my (more importantly) bitcoin scheissa. I mean a fucking truecrypt container with a keepass db inside is all I can come up with before.......... either losing interest or just........ idfk perhaps following a tangent in my brain created on the fly each time I attempt to analyze it further????

KISS and Secure are fucking contradictions.

I'll have to remember that and apply each to different projects accordingly.

I think (had:feel) I'm seeing an order of magnitude more "data jackery" lately. "They" see me about to launch and are raping as much as possible before I do. Good, go for it. Go fuck yourselves. Sometimes I wish my data would get jacked(deleted too) so then I could launch without having to LifeShape all this fucking bullshit. To start from scratch actually sounds easier. I even contemplate it by considering putting EVERYTHING in a "encrypted but intentionally forgotten (as in, never known) password tc container".

Meh, there's too much good shit to not release... I'll truck along... but zeus (had:god) damn I need to launch soon or ima fuckin blow my brains out.

It's weird that I see it (the/my data) as both unimportant and important. I'm willing to truck along and delay my "launch" thingo.... but I acknowledge that it's all fucking worthless and ............... I could do with shredding it all if I needed to (or something (jacked etc)).

The foldable keyboard should come tomorrow. Case already came (case provides no security, just pocket nicery). Another thing I want to write (because somehow I feel that writing it will make me remember it better (true and false)) is that I cannot connect the keyboard through a USB hub (unless i carry the USB hub on my persons at all times as well). The USB hub could be opened and a "bus data logger" could easily be implanted. Again, mouse doesn't matter (unless exclusively giving seed data to a password/PRNG generator (like keepassx)... and since keepassx also accepts keyboard input for that step, it shouldn't be a problem). I'm glad I got the B model of that $35 linux box... 2 USB ports = 1 for the keyboard, one for the hub (mouse, thumb drive, etc).

Security is fucking crazy. As in, you are either an "extremist" or you fucking fail at it. There is no middle ground. It is boolean.

I know I'm contradicting myself entirely but I have no choice. I certainly couldn't carry cash on my persons... LOL.