I started from a place of hate and anger and ended up in a place of love. I'm tempted to censor my previous hate/anger speech and only emminate (sp?) love. At least appereancewise. I know it'd be a lie, I feel obliged to tell the truth. They say second chances are rare; encryption has bought me one.

I have the journey from hate to love documented, isn't that scientifically worthwhile?

Speak your mind, even if it gets you killed
Should the above line end in a question mark or a period?

The problem is that I started off suicidal and ok with self centered, and now I want to live and I worry about the well-being of my family.
Am I willing to snuff my expressions for their sake? I have not forgotten about the "every peer snuffs their expression for every peer (usually the close ones), therefore nobody expresses themself" argument.

That I'm most probably hacked (and definitely eventually hacked) always puts things back in perspective. There are no second chances.

I want to emminate love because I want to set a good example. I feel genuine about it. I'd be "creating a demon" if I were to hide my previous thoughts. But in a sense, I'd be PUBLICIZING a demon if I don't. Who gets to live with me? You or me? I am me so no choice there whatsoever. Eh this analogy is falling apart. Either I have to live with it bottled up (FFFFFFFFFF) or I have to deal with the consequences (FFFFFFFFFF). Shot myself in teh foot hardcore, BUT WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU EXPECT WHEN YOU START FROM "I want to kill myself... but first...". Gotta start from a place of love. And yet the journey to get here started from hate; I can't know whether or not it's possible to start from love. I don't know that it isn't. However, I know there's a form of weak love that just doesn't give you the thrust needed to get the amplified love that I'm feeling now. The kind of love I felt for my previous girlfriends. I wanted to love them, but [...].

The santa/car/train dream I'm about to write about: HACK THE SYSTEM IF YOU NEED TO AND IT'S OK TO DO A SMALL AMOUNT OF DAMAGE IF YOU'RE DOING IT TO PREVENT MUCH LARGER DAMAGE. There is no such thing as perfect. Everything has a cost. OT'ish (but not very ;-P): I know I can use fear against my sister in order to get her to stop drugging Caydon.
...extrapolating: maybe it's ok for me to censor my shit just because the world needs a loving intelligent rallypoint MORE THAN they need the (admittedly hate-filled (initially), ugly, angry) truth.

It's difficult to not let my bias (fear of consequences should I launch) interfere with my judgement. It may very well be my subconscience presenting me a beautifully gift wrapped excuse to bitch the fuck out (maybe with (had:for) good reason, maybe not (I am quite certain that even my subconscious is uncertain)).

"How I launch Abc2" depends on this decision, unfortunately.

It's funny how a great deal hinges on the question: Are there infinite universes?
I am strangely more convinced than ever that the answer is yes, and yet it DOESN'T FUCKING MATTER when factoring in your peers. Dirty fighters; my answer would be so-simple/immediate if they only came after ME (well in the bang dead sense. there's still tons of mah bonez to be broken). Stupid that I used to think "well if shit hits the fan I can just off myself". Yes it's true, but dumb that I would think/do it. My fucking body won't let me: Operative zero: Preserve life at all costs. Hardcoded. Firmware. Whatever.

I wish I had a couple thousand years to try to solve the social economic problem that we're poised with. Maybe then I could do it.

"I can't solve the problem before I move out" -- And once I am moved out, I'm a combination of comfortable and greedy and never even tackle the problem. "Somebody else will solve it" is what we all say/think. I know it has to be me. I want to have a sit down with the president; get the reservation for shit maybe an hour or two tops, give me a week or two to plan it, I'll devote that fucking week or two to coming up with the most simple fucking explaination of our problems and the solution(s). Right now it's in my brain only in rough draft form. I barely understand it. If I had a real shot at actually making a difference (NEEEEEED government support otherwise they shoot you in the face (btw they still are very likely to shoot you in the face (good cause is good))), I think (had:know) I could crunch up some nice fucking bar graphs and shit.

I think the biggest cost to solving the problem is the obviously necessary population control. The "free market" (US&A Economy circa 2014) does have a 'natural' population control, so if we were to switch to something else, we'd perhaps need an artificial one (inb4 inhumane etc). Some people would fight to the death in order to not have population control. I understand their argument completely. It's fucking outrageous to think that there'd be some kind of system to decide who gets to have more than just 1 child (1 child per parent = 2 kids, 'replacing' the parents' existence). What, like a lottery? And the punishment for breaking that 'law'? We'd be (had:in effect) making it illegal to make life! Dumb. And yet the NEED for population control is there, otherwise the population explodes and everything is much worse than before.
Shit though, maybe 7 billion is enough ("64K Ram is all you'll ever need" -- what the fuck do I know?).

I'm feeling much less "all for myself" and much more "FOR THE PEOPLE" lately. Chalk up a big +1 for drugs.

The uncertainty of any solution, and the determination to solve the problem, is keeping me in place. I'd do just about anything if I knew it'd work. The same goes for even if I had a (had:big fucking) hunch that it would work. The problem is far from solved, I only theorize on what MAY BE a "step away from obvious evil".

For every step we take away from obvious evil, we take thousands of steps towards non-obvious evil. Thanks pork barrel/lobbying/etc!
The above line makes me extremely inclined to go the whole tor pseudonym only 4 life route. The state of our society is disgusting.
Regarding above line: how can I be so fucking all over the place in my decision making process STILL!?!?!?!? Just the sheer volatility of my decision making (had:train of thought) process (had:gives me) leaves me with extreme caution even when I do settle on something (albeit temporarily, although it would obviously apply if/when I ever permanently decide (once I doit, there's no going back)).