i am standing on our dining room table. not the kitchen table
the lights are completely off and i am unseen

under these circumstances are how kaylee replied to my asking her out

you definitely aren't "clinging to desparation" with that thought

nobody has any fucking clue who you are
you just figured our within the past few days who you want to be
so how could you expect anyone else to know you?


anyways, back on track
i could slowly raise the dimmer such that a man is reading a book wearing a professional suit in a monotone, yet very punctual ahd (i wanted to say "tone-appropriate" here, but not sure it fits xD) voice.

or i could flick the lightswitch on (no dimmer slider) and i am standing their with fucking christmas lights everywhere ass naked doing a fucking handstand or some shit yelling/screaming/singing while just staring blankly forward
there may or may not be an item up my ass
as i am writing this i want to say there's not. it's just an overall better image that way
of course i am also wondering/investigating if that's my homophobic side(?) speaking
not a side, a module
there are no sides
you do not have multiple personality disorder
you do on the other hand have paranoid schizophrenia
which you have worked through and see a solution in sight

i just really hope this isn't delusions of grandure
THE CODE MAKES SENSE
IT MAKES LOGICAL SENSE
IT CAN/WILL COMPILE
FUUUUCKKKK YOUUUUUU
i just hope this isn't a dmt trip
i just hope this isn't a dmt trip
i just hope this isn't a dmt trip
i don't mean right now
i mean i guess i do?

BUT, i am predicting that i'm going to think of that very often.

"any 'captcha' based 'real human' tests could easily be simulated by my dreams/lucid-dreams/trips"
how can i verify that i'm not in a trip (of any kind, though i think dmt is the likeliest because it's like 5meo-dmt (intensity-wise + so i've heard) but CEV)

i could even be tripping right this very moment
i guess the only way to say it is that i have relative certainty that THIS ONE (;-)) is reality
even my software can become memorized and simulated in trips/dreams
how can i prove to myself that i'm not tripping fucking balls right now?
protip: what difference does it make
what difference does it make
get up and enjoy whether you're in a "real life", "dream (except you don't control these so nvm", "lucid dream", "trip"
so the answer to "i hope this isn't a dmt trip" is: PRETEND IT ISN'T, NO MATTER WHAT (unless of course you KNOW you're tripping, then don't like write code and stuff)
ahah there see i have contradicted myself
i can know when i am in a trip, yes
but i can't know when i'm not in reality
because a dream/trip can simulate (PERFECTLY) reality
so if you think you're in real life, it is ok to code
if you wake up and feel as though you lost code... well shit this is why i want to teach myself to sleep-talk :-D
but yea i mean it's possible i didn't say it and i should then code it (if it isn't already coded because of speech-to-text (both automtaed+human-assisted and/or cowdsourced?) (oh fuck how do i then differentiate when i am asleep or awake in the software? 'if my eyes are closed' isn't a good notifier. my brain definitely knows the difference but i can't see how i'd probe that. even if i manually went into "go to sleep" mode (tag?), i still am awake for an amount of time. i am a restless sleeper, find myself barely-awake for most of it))