insanity, weak love
I'm remembering that insanity is a stage of life for a species that has emerged through evolution. How could anyone hope to have a non-ugly appearance during that stage? A person who claims to have never been insane is in denial, most likely of death. A person in denial can still exhibit love, but that is what I meant by weak love. Until you understand the mindset of a serial killer, you'll never truly understand love (the two aren't highly related, but understanding the mindset of a serial killer is 'by the way' learned during your journey through insanity).

I saw a lady down the street being weird at 12:30am last night. She walked across the street, looked in the neighbor's parked car through the window, then walked back across the street to her own house, where she stood for a few moments and noticed me. She gave me a weird as fuck smile and kept staring at me as I walked by, then slowly made her way into her house. It gave me a boner but that's besides the point. My point is this: she's either crazy or she was up to something. I'm not sure which, but I am slightly (not enough to investigate) curious to know. My point is REALLY this: I give off the same impression. People seeing me would come to the same conclusion, and it might prompt investigation. Hacking me (lol hardware keylogger so ez a baby could do it) would be a breeze. So: Just as I have no choice but to exist, I also have no choice but to be public. However that's not true, I just need to upgrade my security a lot if I wanted to stay private/encrypted. Osios2 was the right track for doing it proper, but shit even just debian stock with the 1.5" LCD screen always on my persons being my ONLY box (devbox, etc) would be much more secure than the devbox I'm typing into this very moment. Bleh the fucking keyboard keys stick like crazy on that box tho and it pisses me off.


drugs saved my life
I started off suicidal/bored, did drugs, and now I want to live and am happy and having a blast. Another +1 for drugs.