Intelligence gets you knowhere (LOL typo keeping it xD) in this world. To get ahead, you must be an sociopathical.


Sucks, being a sociopath ruins your conscience and yea--
The world demands that you take.
Since I have to take, I MIGHT AS WELL BE A FUCKING SERIAL KILLER.
At least that way I won't be lying to myself.
I mean sure, I'm writing hypothetically... but still...

Businessmen take tiny bits from tons of people.
Serial killers take everything from one.
The amount taken is the same.


I'm running out of hdd space, is the problem.
I want to seppuku in front of my ISP's hq because they don't allow you to serve from home. (ANTI-FREEDOM OF SPEECH FUCKS)


I know long-term I could build a broadcasting-OS/dht that only sends keystrokes instead of entire printscreens (like I'm doing now), then hdd space etc wouldn't be as much of a problem. Short term, I want to document the creation of that broadcasting OS. I've never referred to it as a broadcasting OS, but I guess that'd be an optional feature/plugin/whatever of Osios. Or wait no Osios is public by default, idfk whatever semantics/implementation-details/cli-arg-specifiers.


Live stream of hat is my only hope for profit (lel). It won't work, but I'll do it anyways.
Go for the dream, fail, die.

I undertand now why the hacking scene in that one hacking movie (can you guess the name of it?) was just a collage: nobody gives a fuck and everybody has ADD. 10 second highlight reels _IF YOU'RE LUCKY_. I still want this shit documented for my own sake/etc. Fuck the people. vs I am a slave to the people because I sell ads. Bah kill me.

No fucking clue where I'll be in a month or two. Riding this out (live stream hat ofc).


I'm pulled in various directions. Should make binaries of my various apps, put them on domains/etc with GIANT GREEN BUTTONS "Download" etc.... but I can't be fucked. I know they can't be fucked to download/compile, but still. R&D or the tail end: distribution. OMA up in this bitch, I need a "push to dist" script.


Everything's ugly and I have too much to do. The _ONLY_ thing I've done is escaped paranoia. I am happy.


I lol at the censorship. It's really every search engine I've tried rofl, not just the biggest. How long will that last? I mean eventually my shit will be recognized for what it is (I'll be dead :-P) and then they'll look like fools. They'll say some wording triggered a flag that auto-censored it and it's not their fault.... hiding behind ambiguity like usual.

A misunderstood genious who spends all his time making himself understood... is not a genious. OTOH: not understood = broke.
Yea I'm a fucking jester and shit, not as funny as I picture myself so nobody will buy my ads. I set my goal so fucking low and still fail miserably.

The biggest mood swings ever lately. I even understand WHY.... but still can't help it.
An intelligent person takes advantage of his environment because he knows he must. I guess that makes me fucking stupid. wat do tho? Jailbreak phones or run spyware sweepers or install RAM chips? Rofl fuck off I want to die.