free market perpetual motion addendum

With respect to what I was saying a little ago, it was only an analysis of the "Republican" / Capitalist side of the free market. Right now we have two dualing parties: Democrats and Republicans.

Democrats are emotionally involved people who feel we should give away money. I _SORT OF_ agree (robotic communism ftw), but they are too stupid to realize that their business model doesn't work (even in a bootstrappable manner like the Republican/Caplitalist side does) at all.

I thought of a drawing to represent this but eh I suck at art. Essentially the US&A is a snake that is eating his own tail (capitalism/republicans), and in the middle of the body (the part not getting eaten) there are like random fucking flowers growing or some shit (those are the democrats unknowingly utilizing capitalism to "make flowers grow" to give away for "free" (to be eaten of course). Democrats are usually stupid hippies who are so emotionally involved that they can't think straight. If I had to choose either side, I'd choose Republican. But fortunately I don't have to choose because I think both sides are stupid! Puck Folitics.


The only reason Capitalism works is because:
a) Capitalism Works (Walmart effect)
b) Chaos and insanely large numbers factoring in somehow create a mask where nobody can see that it is indeed doing horrible (that and politicians keep "making up money" and shit to try to keep it from collapsing on itself -- a short term solution at best)
c) People _NEEED_ to eat/survive and they don't need to conclude and ananlyze and study that the free market is stable or makes sense mathematically. People pouring their own hours into it keeps it alive! Hours are the main currency, the money is just a placeholder. Hours do not scale at all. 8 hours of one [earth] person's life in the year 2013 is the same as 8 hours of one [earth] person's life in the year 9999 (unless Earth changes shape dramatically). The "money" associated with how much they get in 8 hours is ARBITRARY and scales/varies wildly and pretty much uncontrollably. Stock dipshits (that's all they really are) try so hard to predict and model the economy (for the sole purpose of making money off of their predictions -- idiots)... but they're trying to predict CHAOS. Good fucking luck. Kill yourselves.


A person is _ALWAYS_ paid less than what they are worth (otherwise they would not be hired!).
Which essentially means: they _ALWAYS_ get less than 8 hours back when they put 8 hours in.
The spare hours float towards the top of the pyramid. The "guy who put it together" and/or "figured it out". Pretty much the guy who was there first, nothing more. Yes it takes a certain kind of mind to have the initiative to run a company and start it from scratch etc etc (I know bout dis bkoz I'm a doin it (bootstrap sup)), but to say that he now gets all the spare hours of humans who need to eat and survive? Bullshit and inhumane. The top of the pyramid is the only place to be because otherwise you are working for someone else. The free market is bullshit.