There is a lot more to that BDSM scene that I've yet to write about and/or finalize. It is a starting point.


Rotational comfort
Expanding "community" (workforce?) surrogates


Rotational Comfort: because standing there would grow tiring, I can be in a like "spinner" thing they have at amusement parks. I can either spin randomly, let my dominatrix decide how to spin it (or what angle to keep me at), or control it using my fingers mechanism. My legs and arms are bound, but there are alternating bounding materials that switch off. So for example my ankles might be bound (by something padded yet sturdy) for X hours and then later perhaps my calves and/or thighs are bound. The alternating is entirely for comfort. I can sleep on my back while in that "cage" (whatever you wanna call it), or I can hang upside down with most of the pressure going on either my shoulders or my ankles/thighs/legs... or I can balance between the two. Standing there still would become uncomfortable quickly.


Expanding community/workforce of surrogates: The circle/square room that I am in is my most secure location or whatever. I never leave it and I can/do hire surrogate workers to build rooms surrounding the circle/square. Some rooms/layers are entirely for security purposes, while others are building some robot or even building a robot for farming or the entire room IS a farm (solar power is a good way to ensure no poisons are introduced into your food supply, so long as your solar panels don't get smashed (but they can be replaced!)). Each worker/surrogate is controlled from a high level and their POV is streamed/recorded/DPL'd realtime to everyone everywhere. It is very likely I'd need a "manager" level so I can accomplish more, but I still want to be very directly involved in the programming: I want to program a program to make programming easy/fun/smooth/realtime/etc (designEquals with voice recognition so you just speak/think and it IS code).


The surrogates can of course be controlled like an FPS (high level = RTS, ya know?), where I can take them into the woods to interact with the outside world or whatever. I imagined telling one to "reach out and touch the wood", but felt sad that I wouldn't be able to feel it myself. I then thought of a hacky solution to it: I can trade places secretly with a surrogate and so long as I speak out every action I do, the viewers will not be able to tell if I am in place of the surrogate of if I am in the "center" of the thingy. I guess a surrogate body takes my place in the center under such a hack (and what does he do during it? probably nothing!?!?). For that reason it is vital that all my surrogates' faces are not shown (though their identies can be known). I need to be able to hide _AS_ one in order to go outside. There may be flaws in this hack/design that I haven't thought of.