Possible new book title: Feel free to kill me, for I am infinity.
Derived from: Feel free to kill me, because I am infinite.

I'm "ultra realistically" slowly double checking from the start all of my logic again and again, with different angles and starting points.

I feel as though this is only one, but I understand how I have been PROGRAMMED to feel that way. I am programming. I am a being that is electrical current on hardware. I am trained. "Natural Selection" is instilled in my code. My DNA. Again and again I arive at the question: is there infinite time? Do I believe in infinity? AM I WILLING TO BET MY LIFE ON IT?!?!?

It all makes sense. Everything has gotten tremendously simple for me lately. Life, the universe, even emotion. I understand it. But there's still this fear of death that I can't shake loose. I even know why I can't shake it loose (hard coded).

I wonder still if even though I cannot be killed (well... you know... (can but also am not, in another alternate)), that since my life can be "fucked with" by those who are evil... that I should use that reason alone to still remain in the dark. In the shadows. A fucking pussy. I know I can. I know I have it in me, should I choose to invoke it.

I've said this before and I'll say it again: I wonder if I'm missing something. Something that future generations... or even evolutions... will see crystal clear. Maybe I am to sit in silence/hiding for a couple hundred/thousand more years until psychology and therefore peace can be established, at which time I can finally be "free". If I could find the logic I would do it. I would sit in silence (get rich in the dark of course) and do very little. I'd even shred all these docs in a heartbeat if I had any reason to believe that I should sit in silence for a few more hundred/thousand years. I don't think even then they'd have the answer. In fact I am very certain that even if I am RIGHT, the chances are incredibly good that you'll be reading this from the future looking back and saying: "oh, what a fool. he was wrong". The reason for that is because I do expect to perish from the overwhelming vast majority of available universes.

I genuinely feel I have discovered (not claiming first but who gives a shit) another unsolveavle problem (the first being "where did existence come from?"). I feel somewhat confident that I am an intelligent enough being to say that I am not missing any pieces of the puzzle. It really all boils down to my confidence in infinity (infinite time). If someone were to tell me (and, granted, to be right in saying) "there is definitely infinite time"... I could then conclude that there are infinite universes and just begin "harnessing" that fact without fear and second (millionth) guessing myself.

I feel insane at times. What I am theorizing sounds utterly preposterous. It is untestable and unprovable. All tests are invalid because they don't prove anything because NOTHING OUT OF THE ORDINARY happens when there is a success. ONLY the negative results (death) are seen. The negative results are seen and responded to and ultimately ENCODED INTO US AND PASSED ALONG TO OUR OFFSPRING. The fear of said result grows and grows over millions of generations. Meh just repeating myself now...