re: I don't want to 'get stuck in a fullscreen virtual environment, forgettin I'm human and/or how to exit it (or even that I _CAN_ exit it)'

What if I'm infinite recursion? What if I get smart enough to figure out how to make a virtual environment that is identical to this one, but one which proceeds several orders of magitude times (had:at a small fraction of) the speed that this one does? Instead of 'resetting' by suicide, I simply enter into a virtual environment that 'in effect' puts this environment at or near a stand still (putting off "the big collapse"). I code a virtual environment where I start as a newborn (so it's identical to a hypothetical 'reset by suicide'). The same laws of physics and capabilities as this world. I am fully aware before entering it that I will be unable to escape and that I'll eventually rediscover/reinvent it and go another level of recursion deep. Death then, would simply be the 'exit' to a higher level of recursion (the one you entered in before becoming a newborn). Hmm does my mind get erased (purposefully) when I am a newborn? Does my mind get restored upon a 'virtual death'/exit?

Well anyways one interestin thought is that I can always make another recursive layer that is "sped up by several orders of magnitude", because you can never reach infinite speed. When I originally thought of it, I was thinking "you can get infinitely close to zero", but that was thinking about it backwards (like in that earlier redacted parenthesis bit 'at a small fraction of') -- the time gets faster not slower -- although it depends on your context: faster WITHIN the new level of recursion / new virtual environment... but slower in the level of recursion you were in for as long as you can remember ('newborn') / current-and-soon-to-be-old virtual environment.

Everything in this document is definitely possible within the laws of physics. If I freeze myself, get thawed out to pseudo-immortality ("indefinence"), and have an assload of time to research and code etc.... I can't think of any reason why it wouldn't be possible. Ok actually I did just think of a possible one: the limit of the speed of light (or whatever any some theoretical maximum speed since apparently the speed of light isn't the max (sup CERN). Maybe there is no max in which case this is possible (AND HAPPENING WOOT)).