You're either submissive or dominant. If you're neutral, you're submissive. It applies to many aspects of life, including the bedroom ;-). But right now I want to focus on conversation. If you are submissive you don't get to say your piece. You are interrupted or behind by one second (or less) and never get to say what you were going to say. There are 7 billion of us (and growing), so interaction between us requires some kind of "take turns" speaking system (that does not, and probably will not ever, exist). An alternative solution (one that I enjoy but I admit others probably wouldn't) is sound proof living chambers for humans of all ages (kids are forced to silence their creative speech (had:thought), and then they forget how to turn it back on by the time they are adults) -- that obviously would be optional at all times because tons of good does arise from social interaction. Back to the point, which is just identifying the problem. Let's be conservative and say that only 10% of the population is dominant. Let's also say there's a group of 10 people, just to keep the math nice and simple. So over the course of 10 minutes, each person should get to speak for roughly 1 minute. That 1 dominant person, however, is easily going to take up the majority of those 10 minutes (and perhaps all of them). Now 9 people don't get to speak. They might have been more intelligent and their speaking could have altered the course of history for the better... but since all 7 billion of us are put into the same room together (and we all can't talk at once otherwise nobody could hear anything), that dominant person ["legally"] stole their opinions, man.


The "free market" (Economy in US&A circa 2014) is nothing more than distributed p2p warfare. It pits us against each other and says: FIGHT!. You don't have to play, but then you are eaten alive (everybody loves a freebie). Just like with larger scale war, there exist allies and sworn enemies. Family/friends tend to be allies, competition sworn enemies. I want to be a good person. I don't want to hurt anybody for my own gain. And that's the truth of it. As usual, the religious majority prefer "ignorance is bliss". They don't think of it as hurting others for their own gain (they deny understanding of it). They tell themselves it is "manifest destiny" for them to get rich. It's what God intended for them to do. They make a small and often broken promise to themselves to "share the wealth" once they make it, but that just isn't mathematically possible. Why do so many people value this piece of shit system so highly? Democracy (and the free market) were a step away from evil (power in the hands of the few is surely worse), but should not be our final resting place. We've been in this rut for too long. Fuck this paragraph because I don't have a solution.


0: Do you have any desire to go to space?
1: I'm there now. You mean outer space?
0: Yes.
1: Yea outer space would be fun, but I'm mostly interested in it for zero gravity. Floating around and shit would be fun. The exploration aspect has me less interested. I think space is mostly empty. I'm confident aliens exist, but it's going to take soooooo long to make contact with them that it's pointless to anticipate it now. I also think it's quite likely that we'll find a lifeform that is not evolved into [self-aware] intelligence/consciousness yet. There will likely be a great debate on whether or not we should interfere with their tree of life, and ultimately we'll decide to leave them alone and to let them contact us. Deciding when contact them might also be in the question. It is plausible that we are that primitive species (who was determined to be left uncontacted) and have finally evolved [self-aware] intelligence/consciousness, and that our very understanding of this [endless] cycle serves as a threshold to demonstrate that our lifeform is intelligent enough and ready to be contacted (but it makes me wonder if we really are ready. perhaps it would cause worldwide panic and our f34rl355 l34d3rz would 'defend' us from the atheist liberal aliens using our nukes n such); that perhaps the publishing of this book/website (but it's more accurately phrased "the publicizing of this LIFE" (that is, MY (Steven's) life -- but funnily it also fits with the alien theory in that it's publicizing (the 'promotion'/announcement variation, whereas when I mean it for Steven, I mean it simply private vs. public) our lifeform's existence to the universe) will trigger alien contact.