Given the 99.9999% vs. 0.000001% split thingy (which I know is waaaaaaaaaaay inaccurate but fuck it), it's easy to understand why "distractions" have such a HUGE impact on me. My mom, my dad, my nephew, my dog, my cat. Five fucking distractions. It doesn't matter whether it's a "woof" at some passing car, my damn cat rubbing my leg (love the cat, but am allergic (and rubbing is distracting anyways)) or a "Steven want to come eat dinner with us?" -- the distractions pull me out of the zone just as much. I need to fucking live alone [again]. I need to grow that 0.00001%. It tickles my curiosity and gets me extremely excite to even think that I _CAN_ grow it.

I will be the first person to live publically that isn't either a politician or a celebrity.

I could never get it to 100%, nor do I want to. My environment (and/or subconscience) is what makes things interesting. What keeps me from being bored.


I am fucking mega pumped that it's coming up. I waz zoomed out as fuck just a few minutes ago... seeing all of space and earth and this tiny little human on it worrying about stupid problems.

I've had the taste of freedom on two accounts: being moved out and dreaming about how I want to live. Been a rough past few years, I've been too "comfortable". Yea I'm scared shitless but the feeling is also exhilerating.

It's so god damn easy for me to be stuck as Steven and to worry about such trivial stupidities. I honestly can't tell if I'm subconsciously worrying about them as a way to procrastinate because of fear... or if I really do get stupidly distracted. I mean seriously... ABC.... RpcGenerator??? Are you fucking kidding me? Premature optimization is the root of all evil (unless you don't have a goal, BUT I FUCKING DO: launch)...

Ok tangent: since I won't have goals post launch and will just code for fun, if I "drop" a project on a whim like I do ALL THE FUCKING TIME, I should then pay some noob coder to "finish it off" for me. I mean unless I have an explicit plan to come back to it... or if I consider it to be weaksauce... then yea just ditch it and forget about it. But the overwhelming vast majority of the projects I stop working on are usually just because I'm too lazy to do the tedious and repetitive parts of it (which end up being a lot). I guess you could say I'm more suited to being a software designer... but meh here's another tangent talking about that: I want to be the coder because I like being solely dependent on myself. I feel like designers tend to forget how to code... or at the very least they don't get the same experience from it. I like having the energy travel from my brain to my fingers and into my computer, then pressing a play button and WHAM motherfucking shit runs and was _ALL ME_ (sans system libraries and various deps (fuck off)). It is satisfying to actually be the one who codes. Ok close tangent: but yea sometimes it's just repetitive and boring and shit I can just hire a nub to do that shit for me. Honestly code monkeys are pretty fucking cheap these days.

To be the guy with the idea AND to be the one to implement it... is doubly satisfying. Doing only either half does not get you "half of doubly satisfying" (tempted to write just "satisfying"... but that's probably not true: it's still satisfying to do either half, to an extent (25% sounds like a great number pulled out of my vast anus)).