not being judgemental (not being a massive twat to my peers/friends/family -- i want to be accepting and/or tolerant)
vs.
being myself (a massive twat -- i don't want to suppress my opinions!)




fuck


i'm reminded of that scene on House where they are talking about how everybody lies all the damn time ("you know every man wants to have sex with you")


do i choose one or the other?

i want both of them
there is a HUUUUUUGE contradiction of wants



i lean towards being myself. it will cost me practically all of my friends... (the new friends made (and especially old friends who remain) will be treasured, however). i want to create a new society of sorts (internet communication mainly of course, but not limited to it by any means). we'd make leaps and bounds of psychological progress. no crying and/or being butthurt allowed! you have to be prepared to be called out on all your bullshit. you have to thrive on it. i do genuinely think i can handle it and i want to

BUT it completely contradicts not being judgemental
i fucking hate judgemental twats
so i fucking hate myself?


should it be like a "zone" or "mode" that is purely opt-in?
only among peers who have agreed to not hold back?
you get kicked out if you opt-in and then get butthurt at the first criticism (or perhaps given a few chances i suppose. it takes some mental adjusting)






do i stay in that mode or do i leave it when going outside and socializing with other humans (originally wrote twats instead of humans)



eh this isn't COMPLETELY tied in (but can/should be): the opt-in DON'T HOLD BACK zone/mode should be intertwined with the LGPL/BY-SA _ONLY_ zone/mode :-D



well anyways i mean interacting with others is still a bit of a problem
unless i'm willing to sacrifice anyone who isn't willing to opt into it?
there are friends that i consider..... soft (weak?).... who i still want to be around
i feel like to an extent keeping negative opinions to yourself (aka "white lying") is justified!



but i can even predict that if i am in the NO HOLDING BACK / LGPL+BY-SA zone/mode for far too long that... stepping out of it will become the challenge. i'll sit in silence around my friends who i consider soft/weak (though i still enjoy their presence/company/conversation). i'll slowly lose my ability to communicate with them because i'll suppress everything i think (and want to say). this is actually pretty fucking similar to the state i am in RIGHT THIS VERY FUCKING MOMENT (except it's mainly because i don't want to "give too much away" and/or "be jacked" etc. still, the end result is the same/similar)



that can be my requirement for input
you must agree to NOT HOLDING BACK "mode" (goes both ways. you to me and me to you.... YOU TWAT ;-P) (twats: i've been re-watching peep show series all day err day lmfao) before i will converse with you. getting butthurt is NOT allowed. i will probably offend and piss of and possibly lose tons of friends who enter into that mode without truly understanding what they're getting themselves into



and what if it all becomes non-stop and obsessive banter
it's like i want to ramble on and on every single fucking thought
i want it to be recorded, yeh...
...but i also don't want to force others to have to listen to it (they can opt-in of course)

there is a "communication" level of listening (i press a button and/or somehow opt-in otherwise) but EVERYTHING i say goes into a "minddump" level (which they opt-into, and i am speaking into (everything, including 'communication' (which is really just a TAG for a minddump segment)))

the point is, two people can be speaking 24/7 and having a conversation by 'opting into' (only when they have a response) the communication level thingy (it merely enables a speaker on the outside of the box that is sound proof + surrounding their head (and blocking their mouth (until the button is pressed)) and can still talk their thoughts without "interrupting" the other person

that's all fine and good, but if we're saying every thought then it might prove challenging to LISTEN to the other person speaking

perhaps if you can't even hear yourself speaking, so you can focus on listening to the other person (and your own speaking BECOMES auto-pilot and synonymous with thought)


we'd need a mechanism to tell you if your lips stopped moving. i guess they should never stop moving (unless you instruct them to do so)


you know what
fuck everyone
i'm doing that.


it is the best chance i have at being able to "bring a dmt trip back here" AND the best way to realtime document my HOPEFULLY LUCID dreams. sleep talking exists. it is real and scientifically verified and shit i've even done it according to my brother. shit is awesome we are all completely under-utilizing our brains.


fuck my current friends
i mean, i like them
but fuck them
i will cut every single one of them loose if i have to
this is worth pursuing

some of them will join/follow/adjust, and i think that's GREAT
but i'm not going to suppress my will/dreams just for the sake of maintaining shitty friendships
i rarely even communicate with my friends in this day and age
i sit in the dark in my room alone because i feel like i have nothing to say to anyone
i'm a boring twat
so i've got nothing to lose really
fuck it


still
back to that ONE argument i was tapping into

if we're
OH RIGHT THE SOLUTION = we mute ourselves to ourselves and have a way to detect that our mouths have stopped moving (which can be used also when you WANT TO VERIFY that your mouth has stopped moving too (i currently have a method that sucks to do this: i say to myself over and over "can you hear this can you hear this?" and if nobody responds then i am not talking out loud. it's not foolproof because some people are dicks. i also try to like press my lips together so that i can feel them against each other and i just focus on that feeling so i know my lips are closed (when tripping i sometimes can't tell the difference between talking and thought))


but i am still not sure that communication is still possible
you might have to... stop talking/thinking (even though it becomes synonymous with talking and you can't tell the difference lol)... when the other person is saying something to you. when they have pressed their opt-in "communicate" button and their speaker on the outside of the glass box around their head becomes active and the black fuckign..... THING... in front of their mouth is lowered so i can also see their lips as they speak (guess seeing their lips isn't strictly necesssary (at all), but it's still worth doing i suppose), then it might be hard for me to think/speak (minddump/OUTPUT) while processing their... INPUT

can a brain both input and output at the same time??

i mean yes definitely we do it all the fucking time
we think (output) as we are listening to someone else speak (input)
but i wonder if SPEAKING/thinking will prove to be more difficult?
once they become indifferentiable by your own brain (autopilot speaking alongside thinking), then it is probably doable
idfk just highlighting a possible "bug" in the "software"/"design" THING


it's interesting just how much i FORGET all the damn time how far away from "society" i plan to... veer...
getting butthurt is what starts wars
there, i have solved world peace
DON'T GET BUTTHURT BUTTHURTFAGS





and now to play the devil's advocate some more
i'm not a homophobe but what if i was
so someone gay walks up and i say "eww you're a faggot" or something because i am HOLDING NOTHING BACK
they have every right to be and act however the fuck they are
i have every right to make fun of them for it
but it will CAUSE conflict
so what the FUCK?


how is conflict resolved?
does everything just turn into a giant NOTHING HELD BACK insult war????
yea a lot will get accomplished there -_-



and what about fat chicks?
do they just have to get used to people calling them fat?
what possible benefit could come from them hearing that they're fat all day?
it would depress them and make them suicidal and they'd off themselves
am i supposed to ruthlessly say: ok good well that's just survival of the fittest taking it's course (lol pun (ish))
or am i supposed to be compassionate and say: poor girl just couldn't handle it. i feel sorry for her


i mean i guess i'm supposed to tell the truth, not hold back
or whatever

i can't predict how i'd feel. it would have to actually happen and it would probably depend a lot on whether or not i knew her and liked her

obviously gay and fat are just two arbitrary examples...


this society probably won't work



maybe it'd eventually just become "alphas only"
which kind of sucks
i want intelligent fat/gay people's input! i value it! just become most others don't.. they'll be shaping MY society. FUCK OFF
so yea i could tell them that and they would just say they don't care... because they genuinely don't... and i'd have to like... respect their opinions man.... otherwise i'd be having a double standard. GAH MY BRAIN