Improvised Speech is not copyrighted unless it is recorded. This [accidentally?] creates incentive for free market "owners" (businesses, illuminati, politicians, whatever) to keep from us "EXPRESSION DEVICES". I wish to have confidence that all of my expressions are copyrighted (to be more precise: copylefted ;-P (fuck yea richard stallman)), hence launch etc.

It is also too fucking easy to accidentally rip off a copyrighted work on accident. I have a good piece of evidence for this in my friend Nick, whose intelligence I respect, accidentally ripped off the XKCD urinal chart. In order to be in an environment where one does not have to paranoidically (lolwut) worry about accidentally ripping off another work (thus invalidating/ILLEGALIZING(?) the work as a whole (until it is modified/censored/removes-infringing-part (potentially ruining the entire work! or at least what it's trying to say!)), we need to create a "society" or just "community" or whatever the fuck you want to call it. Essentially what this entails is: No non-free material allowed to be mentioned. You aren't necessarily breaking the law by mentioning proprietary works, but we will ask you to leave and will go to lengths to make sure that your voice is not heard in our community.

None of this has anything to do with solving the business aspects of Copyright. Yes it is flawed and I am all for Copyright reform, but I still don't have a good solution to "the guy who makes movies and needs money to make more movies" (at least not in the current "free market". with robot communism it's already solved so fuck it).

I want to be able to derive (copyright law term) from any input I receive. If I cannot, I refuse to allow it as input. I am not going through the law system to try to change it. I am simply modifying my being in order to attain this goal. The legal system is corrupt and is a waste of time. It would take me far too many years and my sanity would suffer far too greatly.

I am utilizing the celebrity/advertising/free-market bootstrap because I need to: I'd go insane and most likely kill myself if I didn't. There is no viable long term solution (aside from robotic communism ;-P) to my "launch" plans (for everyone), but I don't give a shit: simulating to the best of my ability and as soon as freaking possible the bliss of robotic communism (everybody owns their own time (or at the VERY least, I own all of mine (survival of the fittest after all))) through Copyleft (since public domain is jack'able/proprietizable) is what I will do.



I've been thinking a fucking shit ton about Copyright and when I stumbled upon Copyright Assignment I was a bit sad/pissed/etc. I searched high and low for an answer, but in the end it was an article written by Michael Meeks (or something) on some Gnome blog on the subject that gave me confidence in not requiring Copyright Assignment. I had almost convinced myself to use Oracle's OCA since it tries to use "Joint Ownership" and then falls back to a regular CLA after that. Both CLA's and Copyright Assignment defeat the purpose of "free" imo. I read up on Joint Copyright Ownership a shit ton and that's where I discovered my solution, that I from then on dubbed "the shotgun effect". Essentially what I found in the Joint Copyright Ownership research was that "later contributions to a work" are individually copyrighted. I was looking for a way to have every contributor to become a joint owner, but I'm pretty sure that would in the end defeat the purpose of Copyleft (everybody has all rights, I _THINK_). I even considered a Copyright Czar. The idea makes me shudder but when you realize that he/they would be required to enforce Copyleft as well (it is not up to the copyright owner to do enforcement, so the Joint Copyright goal is reached by another means), it sounds DECENT. I didn't think about the negative ramifications because I am lazy. They probably outweigh that con.

Still, the shotgun effect should be good enough... and it removes the responsibility from me to enforce all of the projects on the entire network. An Oracle-esq OCA (CLA) would have been signed at User Registration period, and therefore _I_ would be the entity with Joint Ownership of all works. What a shit solution. I don't want any ownership of works that I didn't originate! I also don't want to enforce them!). The shotgun effect is both a weakness and a strength. Having sole ownership of your works makes it "easier" to claim infrigment, yes... but I think the shotgun effect far outweighs that. At least I hope so. My decisions today will echo for the rest of my life (unless I start over or something idfk). It basically means that you and all contributors can claim shit tons of infringement cases for each and every "patch"/contribution, since they are all Copyrighted individually. I don't need to own the entire project; so long as I own one segment of code... or even one patch to it... I can file an infrigement case. I should note that I never read about anyone else referring to this as a pro, so I could very well be wrong. I need to consult a lawyer gah. STILL, Michael mentioned plenty of giant free software projects that do just fine without CA or a CLA: Linux, Firefox, Gnome, KDE..... so I think I should be ok if they're ok! I hope. Not having a CA/CLA is a huuuuuuuge plus for potential contributors, but not being able to enforce copyright defeats the entire fucking purpose of using Copyleft. Might as well use BSD or even Public Domain -_- if the bastards can rape your shit.

Random: Hunter S. Thompson was a "bastard" (his own word that I now use) because he was an All Rights Reserved guy. He had completely different subjects on his mind. I wonder if I too am a "bastard" by some younger person yet to be born's definition.