pics is a cryptographically verifiable chunk of (group of) data that is all dpl licensed coincidentally (by my will). you qualify as/for "pics" by filming yourself 24/7/365/indefinite. or 24/7/365/death for the people not playing with (freezing + infinite multiverse theory) techniques of living ridiculously long. science says that it IS possible _BECAUSE_ we are alive and exist (exist is prerequisite for alive actually). unable to concept of "not exist". able to concept "not alive". w.... t.... f....?


Because KNOW always exist. Human body irrelevant. Matter only relevance. We are always at least one matter (????perhaps not true, but I'm including whatever comes from dark matter mixing with light matter (theoretically, THAT is the true nothing). but then i reference that nothing itself! because it obviously is something if it turned into something. a property of matter is that it cannot leave this realm, it can only change form. singularity (the point before the big bang, not to be confused with AI singularity (can't wait)) is just all matter combined into a small point "smaller than the (had: "the point of") the tip of a pen". shit i just broke or reinvented double quotes rules, not sure which ;-). doesn't matter really. do anything because free will is yea. arbitrary is what i was going to say... but it's anything really.

the free market of the united states of world is basically arbitrary stupidity charging itself money in order to give incentive to creators which is ultimately a good thing!

we should lop off the incentive portion and put it on a piece of "government" that pains the human race less. we are all essentially fucking working cows





even though it makes no sense at all, PERHAPS (huge perhaps) we should tax ourselves arbitrarily in order to give incentive to the lower end to spend by giving them money. that is the stupidest thing i have ever written.
the reason is so we keep the concept of "market" alive in our arbitrary government (as all governments and all things are arbitrary) because a market must exist because what else is a creative person to spend their prize-pool-government-"funded"(money-made-up-and-thatonetpbserviceconceptdistributed) money on?

we should provide a market of goods that are purely of entertainment value
we should provide any kind of market. nothing is NOT ALLOWED because everything is arbitrary (poison is not allowed but all drugs should be (though this isn't my fight, i believe it should allowed be under a controlled environment (it has to be d3fault network public reality etc otherwise paranoia and a trapped-inside feeling will come about while in that 'controlled environment')))
however, we should negate the need (emphasis on NEED... there will still be a food market because of want) for food businesses to exist
shelter needn't be included in that because you can LIVE without shelter... but food is imperitive. it should be the base tax objective. the first and foremost important and necessary one. rofl at how i combined those meanings. "foremost important" wtf lol? fuck school. fuck education. i'd much rather have stupid people than have people used like cows. however i don't want us to be stupid so i am arbitrarily (by will) going out of my way to make people smarter. it is "something to do". i will do it through code and by expression of my being. i don't know which of those the concept of (non-code) "documents" goes under rofl... but i would think expressions actually. code still uses the timelineNode concept of document but i was referring to the 'minddump' vs. 'code' divide.