i had a lucid dream the other night where i was parking a car in a parking lot
i was unable to control the car. a tap of the accelerator and i'd slam into the wall
i'd bounce off the wall and end up back where i started
easing into the spot was harder than aiming

somehow i managed to hit another person's car, jennifer aniston's. i watched shortbus the night before.
i nicked the corner of the front of her car and her entire hood like ripped upwards

i was more concerned about the damage done to her car than to mine, since i'd have to repair hers immediately and i gots no monay

so we went into the restaurant we both worked at (lol) and it became a sears/walmart auto repair type place
i didn't see her for the rest of the dream. my friend tom coletto was there talking with me about the repairs
the serviceman/clerk was some old dude with a pretty large head. lots of wrinkles.

while talking with tom about the accident, i recalled how the accident itself happened.
during this recollection i noticed that the physics were entirely unrealistic (i kept slamming into walls all over the place)
from that, i deduced that i was dreaming... and still am!!!
i proclaimed: I AM DREAMING TOM!!!
he had no reply

the old man who was helping me behind the counter like wandered off walking backwards and looking at me
he came out from behind the counter before wandering off into the store doing so
only as he was wandering away, i noticed like 4 or 5 huge gashes in his face, somewhat circular/ovalish

when i looked back at tom, he bacame the same old man... but he didn't have the gashes in his face
i told him he became the old man, and he still had no reply

i said: "let's go walk around the store" -- taking advantage of my free will while lucid dreaming :)

we walked together into the aisles (not the same direction the gash'd old man took), but i couldn't really recall any of the items on the shelves
i remember looking at my hands and being somewhat shocked at how detailed they were (unlike my last lucid dream)
i breathed really heavily to soak it all in and this is when i woke up. a sudden transition from being in a store aisle to laying in my bed
the transition was interesting because it never didn't make sense. i knew i was losing the lucid dream and it didn't necessarily anger me.. though did disappoint. i need to make them last longer.

i wanted to write it down immediately but i waited like 48 hours (till now) to do so. /lazy