My dad was conned into parenthood by his hormones. Here he is roughly my age (whoa-) thinking he's Mr. Bigshot businessman with his hand me down business and trophy wife. The world is his oyster and all that bullshit. To summarize, he's free (ish. probably more free than most). When all the sudden out pops my brother and his freedom vanishes and his wife becomes a mom instead of (fill in the blank. It's hard for me to find a phrase that fits without disrespecting my mom whom I love very much). His church, his family, his peers, and of course: his hormones. I suspect right around the birth of my brother is when he started to have his temper tantrums. He's guilted into staying with the family, but pissed as fuck he lost his freedom (I UNDERSTAND HIS ANGER!!!!). Not strong enough to bottle it up and too stupid to vent it elsewhere, he takes it out on his family. Fastforward 29 years (my bro is 3 years older than me)... SUP. Makes me think back on the times my brother was mean to me... usually he was crying before even picking on me. I now don't wonder why. I let it out on my sister because I could. I mean shit she was a girl, didn't matter she was a year older than me. She now lets it out on Caydon. Fuck, the cycle will never end (-The Offspring). I think about my persons as a kid. I was the mean kid in class. At least mean-ish. I never even questioned why. It seemed completely natural to me at the time. It's old news that "you give what you get", but shit why don't we tell our newborns that invaluable information ;-)?

I'm 26 and still living here. My dad's temper seems to be changing. I think murder is in the air. There's no Visitor Q coming here, I need to get the fuck out.

It's funny that I inhibit his freedom and he inhibits mine. I think there's already a name for that, but "dual parasitic" is what I'm coining it now. STILL, I should note that, aww fuck it, you already can predict the bit about "he made hsi bed so sleep in it" and "I just lack work ethic" yada yada fucking kill me (btw guess who's randomly slamming various cabinet doors throughout the house AS WE FUCKING SPEAK (yea it's what prompted me to write this, but it's been floating around in my head for at least a couple of weeks now)).

Yea I think I might have written this already but it's worth resaying if not: I think I want to wait until post-frozing before I have kids. Fuck sacrificing my freedom (I UNDERSTAND HIS RAEG (lel: I have to succumb to slavery to escape his raeg. Ged blass Meruacia~!@!#))

This launch is bullshit. They're conservative republican christians and I want to be screaming my head off (singing, ranting about code, anything) and literally bouncing off the walls while tripping balls (hey I rhymed). There's just a conflict of noise pollution, it's not THEIR fault and it isn't MY fault and it isn't anyone's fault... chaos just sort of falls into place, and often not in an agreeable configuration. Luckily, your reconfigurations are permanent otherwise I'd have departed this world long ago.