i find myself bored
bored
bored
bored

what the fuck am i doing with myself?
what the fuck is there to do?
i want money to ease my effort
but money requires effort to achieve
a simple contradiction, i must suck it up
but will it cure my boredom?
maybe if i could code with my thoughts
but maybe not if i grow bored of coding


*thinks (but speaks all thoughts. earplugs mean i don't have to listen to myself* -> people on payroll implement all code/thoughts -> done
money money money money money money money money
it's a bootstrap
need a bit to start doing that
need to code manually to get some money
or maybe i don't?

what if i don't touch any code ever again
get a shit part time job, use all the proceeds on code instead of drugs
or 50/50?

technically it could work...
...i just don't find myself wanting to do a part time job
it might be easier (MENTALLY) than coding
you seem to be hitting walls
you're so fucking lazy
you can design it but you're way too lazy to implement it

understanding every line of code that's needed
but too lazy to ever do all the required work needed to get to the place where the line of code should be put

you are one lazy motherfucker
bootstrapping via part time job should definitely be considered
let it stew in your forelobe for some time...

especially when it comes to polish, that's where you get even more lazy...

"i'm a busser that runs a software company"

...i mean, until the software company earns any income at all...

seriously though, you underestimate how CHEAP it is to hire programmers
in 3rd world countries especially... they work for pennies compared to what you think you're worth
and you HAVE the brain to macro manage it all
it's what you LOVE doing...
so fucking do it
remove yourself from the lower levels of code
glad you learnt them, no doubt
but you don't need to go down in the trenches

a general should know how to use a rifle, but doesn't need to ever remove it from it's holster (unless he's a shitty general)

wow all of the sudden i feel like i want to get a part time job
i could probably get a polished piece of software for as little as $200...

you just need to define what you want done
each request/design-spec should be under a different pseudonym...


ok, now the bigger question... WHAT APPLICATION TO IMPLEMENT. fml the problem remains the same... whether i code it or not