it's safe to say that only a million people on the planet have the ABILITY to do what i can and maybe will do
i'm not talking strictly technical merit
i mean
a) technical ability -- not many programmers
b) 'big picture' view
c) tons and tons of thought going into how and what to do (basically, a programmer is not a 'hacker' by default)


i calculated that if there's only 1 million like me (and i very much doubt there's that many. it is a really really high estimate), and there's 7 billion humans on the earth (or in all of existence????? no there should technically be infinite humans in existence... but idfk for sure. only 7 billion confirmable)...
...that only .014% of the earth's population have the capability

that's such a ridiculously low percent that i feel inclined/obliged to take advantage of my....... skill.



by take advantage of, i mean the "illusion of 100%" plan

it sounds fun
it is a rare ability (every human has the 'ability', but not every human has the knowledge NOW)


i just... i don't know....




gah what the fuck


i want to go public but i want to go private
sort that shit out noooooob



on the subject of infinity

me existing is probably a 1 in 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 chance

so you might think "hurr that's so rare there is definitely only one of you"


but then you gotta remember
you can take an entire fucking dictionary and write 9s in it to fill it up
and that wouldn't even begin to approach 1% of "infinity"
you cannot approach infinity
it is a concept not a hard number

so can i have confidence in a concept?
sure i very well may be 1 in 999[above]
but given "infinity", there are... "infinity" of me!
fucking hello
fucking hell* lol whoops

i need to stop being such a pussy and just "accept" (while simultaneously rejecting... because there are infinite of me!!!) assassination???
fuck

i really don't know


tbh
every time i trip i do gain 100% confidence in the infinite multiverse theory
but i mean... can i trust myself while high as balls?
i want to say YES I AM EVEN SMARTER THAN WHEN I AM SOBER MUAHAHAHAHA
but i mean the negative association with drugs (and people's definite ability to act stupid while on them) makes me doubt myself
the doubt is potentially good: it might keep me alive!
but the doubt is also potentially bad: it might hold me back (or, it CURRENTLY IS!!! bahhh!!!)


do i just need to fucking swan dive into infinity????
what if there's a cement ground instead?


a pencil dive will still cause me great distress... and will be less fun... and will look less fancy...

go big or go home




or do i just not jump?
sit here in the comfort zone and do nothing all day every day (aside from making tons and tons of cash :-P)


bah, bollocks. i just... don't.... know.....
and probably never will

actually that is false
if i am not assassinated after a few years of living full blast mode etc
then that's probably good enough proof to say that infinite multiverse theory is correct

but lol, the test can't be proven wrong now can it: i cease to exist


hmm wait a minute
if i can't be wrong because i'm dead if i am
then i can only be right because i can't not exist?


eh... it's somewhat faulty logic
i just don't have to ever GO THROUGH being wrong. i will never "be" wrong because i won't "be" when i am wrong, because i'll be dead


THEREFORE (using some weird, twisted, though somehow... right... logic): i can only be right about infinite multiverse theory

this is circling back to the whole concept of infinite multiverse theory to begin with (splitting)
i'm just.... integrating a "question" with/into it



infinite multiverse theory is correct because infinite multiverse theory is correct?
is that my claim?
it clearly isn't sound
if that IS my claim, i will step away from it [and go private?]

i need to analyze the fuck out of what i just wrote/said and make sure it isn't circular reasoning


hmmmm

i kind of think it's more of like.... BOOTSTRAP LOGIC (tm)
or something
is bootstrap logic circular reasoning?

you can't compile a compiler until you've written a compiler!
you can't kill a life unless you're... alive?

wat?
i'm not sure i translated that correctly


your life can't be taken from you unless you have it to begin with
meh that's not it/helping

it's true, but it isn't helping...



i cannot be wrong because i will not be when i am wrong
reminds me of that one quote: "do not fear death; for when you are, it has not come. and when it has come, you are not" or whatever it was i totally fucking butchered it


infinite multiverse proof: i cannot be wrong because i will not be when i am wrong



is that a fucking jackpot?
it sure SOUNDS nice
catchy, will fool... fools... but is it SOUND (emphasis on the lack of an S at the end of that SOUND (is it 'logically sound'?))?