i am an attention whore
because i DO value writing my name in the universal book
but there is no reason for it
i will not see myself from the 3rd person perspective (after i am dead)
i can sort of imagine how i will look: mostly silly
but i dunno
is it for escaping paranoia or because i do value writing my name in that book?
can't it be both?





i'm starting to contradict myself on some pretty key things lately
and am becoming less and less sure of myself
fuck.
just when everything seems so perfectly planned i run into GIANT FUCKING CONTRADICTIONS
i don't know what to do anymore


will simply being 'winky' (lol just watched mr. toad last night, funny the bartender had the same name) be enough to let me get away with drugs?
all it takes is one butthurt politician to lean on some prosecutor/lawyer/whatever, or perhaps just the police dept directly (or dea etc), and then i am raided and arrested (and worst of all, detained and censored)



sometimes i think being in a jail cell (the isolated kind :-P) is a good option
a good home etc

you get free security
and it's high quality security too
and no rent
no food bills...
etc.


the only downside is that your data is DEFINITELY NOT secure
you don't get internet
you don't even get a computer...
so fuck that idea



i think if i was locked up i would [try to] remain silent as much as possible and would just read books and shit all day. perhaps i would get my medical degree and/or become a chemist. just fill my head with whatever knowledge i wanted. i think i would like isolation over the regular shit where i'd probably/definitely get raped and/or shiv'd


i would like the isolation
err
it would be less SHIT


if i knew i was being recorded and i had some way of proving to myself that the recordings were being broadcasted by-sa (though fuck it, licensing isn't really that big of a deal when they can be ignored) worldwide instantly. i could just live in that padded room and bounce around and spew nonsense etc and it actually sounds kind of fun.


but the inability to leave and the lack of a computer to program would probably make it a lot less fun. there's only certain aspects of it that sound fun. i doubt it actually would be.