I love it when my brain comes up with some "train of logic that is travelling in an entirely different direction". One I never considered before. Caydon/Kelsi situation is escelating (seems like she's trying to do that tbh: gives her attention etc) and I'm just about fed up. She's drugging him and I have a problem with that. I love drugs, but not for kids. And also not for idiots but that's OT. I am contemplating having her committed, contemplating 'taking' Caydon from her, yada yada. I don't think this house is suitable, however. My dad's an ass and yells at him. My mom's getting less and less patient as she enters her late fifties. I think too much of my dad has taken a toll on her (I need to move out before that happens to me (but ignoring him works for now)). The point is, this house would turn into a war zone if "we" (mom and I) took him and kept him here. So I came up with the random idea of me living in Kelsi's house with Caydon and her living here while she...... idfk..... deals with her insanity? Or perhaps she is committed at this point (there are various versions and it is all undetermined atm (I hate that I am responsible for the determining. What the fuck? Feels weird but also seems true/real. My brother... is my brother (you'd just have to know him), so he won't really have a say. My mother seems... slipping.... I'm not even sure she's suitable anymore (even though I think she did an excellent job with me). That is amplified by the fact that if she was to care for him, my father would be in the picture and tbh I think he's terrible.

Shit gotta go now but I'll say it quick: I could/would still launch (Caydon has no problem with being on video lol (Kaylee might idfk (for herself))). While he's at school I do smart coding and yada yada, when he comes home we build robots and just basically fucking play + learn at the same time. He loves robots and I KNOW I could:
a) engage him
b) entertain audience
c) make learning material
d) FUCKING TEACH HIM


god damnit Kelsi what is wrong with you. I love you but you frustrate me, now more than ever. DRUGS FOR KIDS = BAH