another thing i didn't think about till now is that the input-only machine will have the master copy of all the data
not the output-only machine

for example: an incoming instant message will never get to the output-only machine

the input-only-offline machine gets both:
a) all output
b) all input

there is no way to securely get it to output only machine (hence output ONLY)

but i shouldn't let it sit on the input-only machine because a rogue 'signed deb file' might some day destroy all dataz

an output-only WIRE coming from the input-only-offline machine going to ANOTHER input-only machine, this one set up as a 'secure document object blob server' (write only perhaps?!) is a safER master copy... though still isn't COMPLETELY safe because signed deb files could hypothetically inject malicious code into the output-only WIRE

so:
how fo safely backup valuable input, such as an incoming instant message?


also: i'm starting to think that there's no point in me physically seeing the input-only-offline machine. maybe me (and everyone else) seeing only the input-only-MIMICKING-online machine is good enough? TODOreq: i'd definitely need a way for input-only-offline-machine to say "hey i missed those bytes [of qrcode/video] or whatever". a realtime OS would help but as long as i pick low enough bandwidth for qrcode/video transfer it should be reliable. still, since i'm not physically monitoring the input-only-offline-machine in this circumstance it needs to make sure it fukken saves all of the analog stream.

there could also be a way to 'rewind' the qrcode/video analog stream whenever i miss one. the 'complaining' could tell me what time range it missed and i could just re-wind it on the output-only-offline-machine and re-play it

which brings me to a completely different subject (sorta)
replay'ability

if my box input only box(es) are processing RAW commands, then replayability becomes a problem because:
apt-get update && apt-get install qt-sdk will always install the latest version when the replay'er is.. replaying.
so perhaps they should all be special/replayable d3fault-oriented commands only?

i want them to be replayable for various reasons
1) hacking of input-only-mimicking-online-machine, needing to 'bring him back up to speed' automatically
2) just good backup practice in general
3) the ability for others to get the EXACT SAME ENVIRONMENT on their machine(s)
4) timeline rewind/fast forwarding just as a basic user interaction


my head hurts.