I've been having a lot of weird fucking dreams (especially in a semi-awake state in the morning), most of which I haven't been writing about. Time is too valuable and it takes me much to long to get into an outputt-able state. I need to just be able to speak during my dreams (but not hear myself). This morning I was contemplating infinty as usual. I arrived at a piece of logic that I consider valuable, but I'm unable to zoom out enough to figure out just why it's important.

Ok well first it actually started last night while I was still awake and was really high. I had a near death experience (not really, but it SEEMED like it (therefore was)). It seemed like a countdown was in effect. My brain was screaming at me (I kept checking to see if I was speaking and freaking out) saying "this is it! this is it!" etc etc. I saw myself in the 3rd person from up above. I was a bomb that was landing on myself in a matter of seconds. It seemed so real and was quite scary. I genuinely thought I was going to die and when I had roughly 5 seconds left, I calmly said "No, in another universe: I live" (lol typo: live = love). As soon as my brain processed that information..... and ruining my scientific test I simultaneously began consciously breathing manually and holding my hand over my heart -- so not sure which exactly gave me comfort. Could have been all 3). I was stuck at the "5 seconds until death" mode with a bomb dangling just above my head. I was wondering if I was having a heart attack from the spice. I was ready to call 911 and worried that if I waited for myself to be sure, that then would be too late. Having my hand over my heart definitely reassured me though. I was in my chair stairing at my computer during all of this, and I embraced the "5 seconds" mode by saying "mind over matter". I immediately dove into that statement to search for contradictions. I don't know, to be honest, if it is mind over matter. It's complicated and that's the entire purpose of this document: examining how it is BOTH (will get to that in a sec). I rotated my chair to the left to stair at my whiteboard and the door. The corner that they met in contained the "linear logic" (vertical, along the crack (I mean my mind is just making shit up at this point lmfao)) that GUARANTEED my continued survival: infinite multiple universes (big bang instances). The whiteboard was some logical structure, and so was the door. TOGETHER they formed the basis of the theory. I couldn't tell you what the whiteboard/door were because I don't remember.

Right so I sat there pretty comfortable staring into that corner on the wall, manually breathing (feeling the air travel throughout my body (I wondered later (this morning while in the shower) if perhaps the drugs turned off my autonomous breathing and that's why I was freaking out and/or about to die??)) and my hand over my heart. I came to the conclusion that outward influences will always not exist in some other bang instance. Add emphasis to the "outward influences" portion and store it in your mind while reading below.

So this morning in the dreamlike state in bed (was awake methinks), I began to think again about that one girl who I have a crush on and/or love (difference?). I was factoring in infinity of course because that's my hobby or obsession or..... ENEMY (idfk)? I came to the logical deduction that I could will myself into bang instances wherein her and I are together. It was the revelation (and rememberance from the night before) of the "opt in" modifier that really changes things. Mind over matter, except matter can be opted into? I remember thinking: "I continuously will myself into the bang instances where I am modifying myself (and therefore manipulating her) to create/form/forge/emphasize/highlight/idfk-what-word-goes-here a relationship between us.


So to recap and/or zoom the fuck out:
Outward influences don't have to be accounted for because they simple do not exist in other bang instances.
Inward influences give you the ability to choose which bang instance(s?) you live in.


Aside from it being a lovely thought and more or less convincing me to pursue her (on the condition that I am confident she can be "won" (not that she's a prize... just that I lack a better word (oh look I'm modifying myself as we speak: she'll have read that and may or may not have gotten offended by my use of the word won (but I've explained to death my excuse so perhaps now hopefully she won't (hey baby))))), I am fascinated with it's implications relating solely to infinity (forgetting the love factor). I wish I understood it better and had more confidence in it. And that's all I got on the subject :-/.