I try with all my might to convince myself that I am in control of myself. That my logical brain moves my limbs and etc. It isn't so. I am chemical. Chemical reactions occuring in my brain modify my behavior. I have gotten to the point where I can recognize it. I even question it. Though I cannot override it. It is a weird thing. Weird is such a shitty word (TANGENT: My target audience can and will be the robots. I can talk at as high of a level as I please, but I wish to be understood by ROBOTS. This means not using shitty words like "weird" or "love" or "emotion", etc etc -- GL;HF it is impossibru (though I will attempt it because it both for fun and because it helps clarity)). When I have an erection is when I notice it most (though it certainly isn't the only time (man I'm stupid. I've written about multiple personalities etc: sex/food/etc... but those aren't personalities.... THOSE ARE ALL SIMPLY CHEMICAL REACTIONS OCCURING IN MY BRAIN, MODIFYING MY BEHAVIOR (<--breakthrough fuck yea (at least personal fuck off scientists who are already way smarter than me)))). The moment i /came, I "snap out of it" ('and the egg is still up me bum').


How much control would I say I have? It's indeterminate. It FEELS LIKE 100%, though it is probably lower than 95%. I'd say realistically it is 95% _MAXIMUM_. I think it's a very safe bet to say that at least 5% of my "behavior" (as if such a thing could be quantified by percentages) is dicated entirely by chemical reactions. That's a safe bet, it's probably much higher. It COULD even be 75% chemical and 25% logical.





Perhaps that's all the subconcience is? Chemical Reactions. So to re-phrase: 75% subconscious, 25% forelobe. This may or may not be an hoog dickscovery, but I am so disconnected from the outside world that I have no idea.






I know the logical overriding..... errr... the logical control.... has a more.... direct.... or..... noticeable.... or.... actionable(?)... result? It seems to be the main thing, even in our peers. We subconsciously communicate. Undertones and body language. Those are our subconsciences doing small talk. Hey how are you? Oh you know, horny and want some dick want to have sex? Meanwhile the forelobe is talking about... their favorite movies or some bullshit.







What is this about? What am I after? Complete submission to my chemicals?



I wonder and question if that "jolt" was merely a muscle spasm from a dream and it TRIGGERED an adrenaline rush that felt good, nothing more.



Still, I don't know what I'm even pursuing. That is both exciting and confusing. How do I know what direction to take!?!?!?!?!? I also think/wonder if I really could win Kaylee as I..... predict/foresee/hope(?). It might just be the desparate thoughts of a loser refusing to accept her rejection. Some might call that love. "Love never gives up". I don't know what the fuck to call it. I see both sides of practically every picture (arrogant as fuck... but I'll at least say that I _TRY_ to see both sides (if there are only two -- often there's more) of the picture simultaneously. Tooooo much programming and "bug predicting" mentallity allows me to see every avenue (usually, though I don't claim to be perfect by any means).




The pleasure of love and the hate of dying alone.
The pleasure of apathy and the hate of constraint.

SOMEWHERE BETWEEN THOSE 4 "POINTS" IS A BALANCE, supposedly.