I am so fucking paranoid. It varies from day to day (I guess some days I force myself to forget?), but today it hit me rather hard. I went on a 45 minute walk with my mom and just felt shit walking away from my computer. I am not secure. My physical security is shit. My online security is decent: I am offline and I use system encryption (as well as Truecrypt encryption) -- though my plugging in of USB drives sometimes makes me wonder if I've compromised even that.

I could so easily be targetted and hacked. I know this because I could hack myself. BIOS hack, Hardware Key-Logger hack, Fiber-Optic Video behind/above me hack, the list goes on and on and on. The only way to combat this I feel is to make a fucking offsite and secure copy. Freenet would do it. I am fucking losing my mind and honestly I don't ever want to leave my house ever again [until I launch and have a reasonable amount of confidence in my security]. I should just say "no" to anyone who invites me out. There isn't anywhere that I _NEEED_ to go. I can go on bike rides and dog walks when my parents are home... which brings up another point entirely: I can't even express my paranoia. I can't even talk about it [except in this here computer]. If I demonstrate paranoia then it is an indicator of value. "What is he hiding?". I agreed to go on a walk with my mom today because my dad was home when I agreed to it. He went to the gym just before our walk, and I couldn't summon an excuse to not go on the walk! What was I supposed to say: "sorry mom I'm too fucking paranoid to leave my computer here". She has a big mouth and sucks at security.


I guess now would be a good time to explain to my reader where I stand in terms of outward perspective. Nobody has any fucking clue what I'm onto (unless of course I'm hacked lmfao). As far as anybody knows, I'm simply "working towards creating a software business". Business is weirdly true, but I'd say it mostly isn't. STILL, to give them something to hold onto I say it's a business and that once I finish it, I'll be able to code stuff for fun because I'll make enough passive income from it to retire off of. I muddy the truth with lies to present a middle ground and to keep them from putting too much value on my work. Honestly I would value my work at well over multiple billions of dollars. I have never seen another single human produce this much work of such........................... quality? variation? sporatic'ness? randomness? intensity? craziness? I don't fucking know what word to choose, but I'm in rank with Maddox and Montaigne I think/hope/feel.


I bet writers back in the day had a similar paranoia: they only had one paper copy of their book as they were writing it and worried about fire and theft. I'm glad that at least I live in the day and age of the internet: ONCE IT IS OUT THERE, IT IS OUT THERE. Way back when various parties (Nazi for example) would burn the last remaining copies of works etc. I'm glad I don't live in that day and age. STILL, I am emulating the paranoia by keeping all my content "private" and "secure" (LOL -- "secure" -- bullshit.)


I have said before that I could probably retire just on publishing my work (sans code), just minddump), as a book. It would also greatly reduce paranoia. I entertain the idea on occassion for the sole purpose of reducing paranoia (code would still exist). Funds from the book could be used to give me a more elaborate code backup scheme (helping to reduce paranoia, but it's still possible for an adversary to jack/delete me when I am _private_ regardless of how high tech the solution is: going public is the safest bet). The cons from attracting too much attention from the book have to also be weighed in. Right now one of the largest advantages I have is that nobody knows who the fuck I am or what the fuck I'm doing. I am a "nobody" and I hope Google and the Illuminati think that whatever software I'm making is shit. I mean, it IS shit. Abc is shit. What comes after Abc isn't.

I need to launch so fucking bad because I'm wasting the Prime Time Of My Life (*plays that song* (speaking of which I don't listen to any new music lately... all old shit as you can see on my timeline hopefully)) and also inducing paranoia. It grows and will continue to grow until I go public. The thought of staying private and anonymous or whatever and any such variation of private just sounds shit. Fuck it. Whether to censor (shred!) my vulgar past and future is a different matter, but I am without a doubt going public in pursuit of sanity. I am fucking batshit insane because of this paranoia and it is affecting my personal relationships. I can't tell my grandma when she asks me to come watch my grandpa on weekdays in the morning that: "Sorry grandma I don't want to leave my computer home alone for a full day because I don't want to get my shit jacked" (esp permanently: physical taking of comp). The paranoia is causing me to miss out on valuable remaining time with my grandpa. So is the work itself: I don't like obligations, however infrequent. The only thing ever on my agenda is my work. I like it that way but I also get so insanely bored and lonely at times. I find myself sitting and staring at walls and/or the ground far more frequently lately.

Oh btw the results of my attempt at cutting myself off from input a while back: made it like a week or so tops. Movies and a few websites are habitually checked on a daily basis [again]. It's weird because I don't even need to check any of them: it is entertainment for me to read QC, XKCD, Qt Mailing Lists, and RaspberryPi.org. QC/XKCD are understandable because they are just pure entertainment, but Qt/RPi are just silly. I keep waiting for the announcement of model A of the Pi, but really I have no use for it [yet]. Qt is a slow ship, there is barely anything worth reading with that most of the time. I randomly contribute to threads but mostly just spout nonsense, and sometimes even leak data/plans. Once I'm launched I won't give a shit about "leaking". The concept will have been eradicated from my mind. I can and will speak whatever I think (I hope to typedef think speak; (or is it the other way around? I forget the typedef syntax)) freely. It sounds so blissful and tbh it also sounds like a pipe dream. My life is going to change so drastically over the course of a single second. That second I launch. The second I flip the metaphorical switch (that happens to also be an actual switch). I'm going to hit my bong and dive in like I've been fantacizing about for years now. This is getting ridiculous. If I had known when I originally thought of the "launch" concept that it would take this long, I would have chosen a different route. Just because I _CAN_ code something, doesn't mean I should (or that I can... in a timely manner).

Still, I feel if I keep going at it and eventually hit my target that it will give me a tremendous amount of satisfaction. I depend on no-one (aside/tangent-thought: I thought this quote up a few times recently: "We stand on the shoulders of giants, but we also live within the walls they have created") and coded most of it myself. Yes used frameworks and libraries and programming languages (all made by someone else) galore, but connecting the pieces together is/has so far been done by none other than myself. I will have a Godlike understanding of the system I use, so I will be able to upgrade/fix/change/ehnance/etc it at will. If I had outsourced it, Abc/launch/video would have consisted more of my interactions with those who I have outsourced to. I would also depend on them because I wouldn't know the code base inside and out.

To innovate truly in software, you must understand the design (and arguably even implementation!) inside and out. This is why business people always suck at making software. They think their idea is revolutionary but it is usually shit. Even if it is decent, it does not adapt or evolve further than that. Your engineers are usually not going to put all their focus on YOUR work. They aren't going to enhance and evolve it. You need to have programming knowledge in order to innovate programming. That's just common sense. I'm not saying a business person can't make money selling some stupid apps on the random "app markets" of today... I'm just saying that the business people aren't likely to get ME (or other tech people) even remotely interested in their bullshit. If I were to outsource it, I'd [in effect, though to a lesser extent] be as powerful as those business people. Sure I could be more involved and be the design manager etc, but the intricate details of the code itself are sometimes necessary to know in order to make a good design. Not always, but I feel it helps. I do want to at some point move onto designing only, but I don't want to depend on a person to have to implement my designs for me. This is the whole goal of designEqualsImplementation. I have to code it myself so that I can use it well and extend it's limits (MYSELF) whenever I run into a wall. If I design designEqualsImplementation then I'll have a much harder time figuring out what walls I'm even running into and will depend on others to gradually grow it. That it will be free software means there will be many branches of functionality that grow concurrently... but I don't have to understand or even use them (probably/hopefull will though!). I need to use and grow my niche corner/style of designEquals usage. To do that, I have to understand the underlying lower level C++/Qt code.
^This entire paragraph could be bullshit and I might be wasting lots of precious time by not outsourcing properly :-/.... denial denial denial


I am digressing and want to stay on subject: paranoia. It's fucking eating me alive. This is unhealthy. I have said all of this many times before.

There are multiple levels of my paranoia:
1) Bit rot corrosion of archived data
2) Data jacked (illuminati making copies etc, possibly deleting in place)
3) Physical jacked (random guy breaks into house by dumb luck, steals computer)
4) Assassination once public



It's hard to balance stepping on people's toes against freedom of speech. I RESERVE THE RIGHT TO BE OFFENSIVE/VULGAR/OBSCENE/MEAN/INSENSITIVE/ETC. It is a vital part of freedom of speech. I never want to own a business because then the corrupt laws of "sexual harrassment in the workplace" take effect. I want to retain my right to sexually harrass anyone I want. Don't confuse this with touch: touching is completely different and should be illegal. But WORDS... leave me my words. If I can't say anything to anyone, I do not feel free.

There are sensitive tough guys that will kill you if you "offend" them. I hope to never even surround myself with them, but avoiding them is also a difficulty. If you label them as "sensitive" in order to stay away from them (assuming some kind of screen in front of your eyes and database of human interactions or some shit), you will offend them just by labelling them!!!!!! If you don't acknowledge their existence, you can't set up the proper measures to avoid them. What the fuck do you do about that? Why do people have to be so fucking emotional? Words are words. Fuck off.