Oh yea, how I want to look. On one hand I really don't give a shit and would look batshit insane... but on the other I guess it's fair to say that fear is driving me into wanting to LOOK (not act) normal. So I'd be privately FULL/UNCENSORED and then I explicitly tag CENSORED/OUTPUT content. This is bullshit that output must be censored in this world. It's fucking bullshit that my fear makes that statement true (blaming the world doesn't do any good (we are chaotic stupidity with bursts of intelligence here and there)). Hell, referring to that parenthesis. It is the stupidity that I fear!!!!! It's fucking everywhere!!! So easy to got died. But I don't know that for sure because I've never got died. I don't know how easy it is. Or at least, I don't remember ;-). I am singular, despite being replicable. I am one universe, even if there are infinite other duplicate universes (and also infinite variation universes)). I am one time, even if time appears to repeat itself (because it always does... eventually). The reappeareance of the same timespan is me. I cannot differentiate one from the next... but I am 100% sure I am in one right this very moment. This is my favorite life. This is my favorite brain. This is my favorite body. This is my favorite existence. This is my only existence. I don't know others' experiences so I can only assume that nobody is experiencing as much pleasure as I am in this life. (especially: what i WILL experience). They all also might be a figment of my imagination.

Am I willing to give up the want to act batshit insane. How you act. How you behave. How you are and what you will. They are the ultimate goal of human life. You want to act how you want to act. Most don't. I am not currently. For instance, a lot of people want to be movie/rock stars etc. That's the kind of wanting to act how you want to act (but not!) I am talking about. I guess I am a rock star... in that they too are aiming for the batshit insane act. It is an act but it is a blissful one. It is an act but it is not fake. It is acknowledging that it is an act (because EVERYTHING is an act, unless you remain inactionable (or act-less?)) and still continuing with it because you enjoy it. I enjoy paranoid-of-jacked free human expression for myself. That is my rationale for being a rock star. The fame is an unintended consequence and it is to be seen whether or not it grows on me. At the moment I am not looking forward to it. It's like I'm standing in the sand on the beach (the water line representing "launching" itself) and there's a tital wave (that I know I can swim out of.. but it's still going to be unpleasant..) coming towards me and I see it coming and there's nothing I can do about it. I am afraid of sharks ;-) (moreso in that analogy than in real life). Should I remain on the sand? Right now if I stay where I am, the tital wave is going to hit me. But if I start running away, there's a chance I won't get wet at all. This analogy kicks ass.

No, I don't think I am willing to get wet... err I MEAN: to not act batshit insane. I would rather die by sharks than die alone on the sand. I do very much wish to "go and run and be with the people". So I will.