I come up with fic-
I come up with events (whatever that 'non-fiction but has not happened but COULD happen' category is called) that are much more interesting in my dreams than in my waking state. I am a dull motherfucker in my waking state (compared to dreams). My dreams are so bizarre and, although I know others have bizarre dreams as well, I feel as though the freqency of my bizarre dreams is increasing dramatically. It is perhaps because I am living quite differently than my 2013 peers.

Do they just not write about them?

Where is Joe Schmoe's book of crazy ass motherfucking dreams?

At best, I read one or two from so and so that are pretty cool. But shit, the amount I have written down is enough to fill a book!!!! I could delete everything except my dreams and retire solely on those. It is passive thinking/working too -- don't even have to try... just sleep and then (ok I guess this next part is "trying" -- but it's minimal) write them down.

Diverging: that the free market rewards such silly "innovation" is stupid. You innovate, or attempt to innovate, and you are granted legal access to take a fucking bite out of your own leg. That's how I see it.

So yea... my innovation will be me masturbating on camera. I will retire with just that. It demonstrates the stupidity clearly... though probably won't be enough to change anything.

Diverging some more: I came as close as I've ever come to being a formal politician... but then I remembered one thing: Copyleft. Everything a government worker does is in the public domain... which means it does not have the protections [to remain free (important: INCL. DERIVATIVES)] that Copyleft buys me. Or maybe I can use the "outsource/contract to not be public domain work" loophole... but then I'd have to be a silent puppeteer above a politician and a businessman. Fuck all that shit and fuck that loophole too. I believe it's our duty as citizens to infringe on those particular pieces of copyright. They ARE funded by the taxpayers. That the politicians/businessmen found a loophole is irrelevant. INFRINGE + PATCH.

Their counter-argument is strong, don't get me wrong... but fuck that who cares it's still a blatant loophole so fuck your shit. I won't attempt to deconstruct their counter-argument. Maybe later when I'm in the mood...