Do what I/you want
vs.
Do what is smartest

Do what you want is related to infinite multiverse theory, the [almost certain] fact that there will always be some struggle/danger no matter when/where you emerge, and that FIGURING OUT what you want is the hardest half of the problem

Do what is smartest relates to the fact that life is [almost always] dangerous. It's to hope that you can 'wait out the bulk of the danger' (LOL YEA FUCKING RIGHT) and that by then you won't have forgotten-how/lost-the-inate-desire to live (and i mean LIIIIIIIIIIVE, fulfillingly)


What I want isn't necessarily smartest... but that's where hedgewars highlander mode being more like real life comes into play: I could do the smartest plays possible and still lose! Doing what I want, is, and I've fucking said this so many zeus damn times, the only way to PIERCE THROUGH chaos to live a fulfilling/ALIVE life. Doing what is smartest (paranoid as fuck) will only ever keep you alive/vital. I rediscover this bit of logic over and over and yet I just can't commit to it. Life is fucking scary. Despite being pretty damn sure time is infinite (therefore universes are, too), I still think that this might be my ONE AND ONLY shot. I want to take it slow and safe and guard it using every ounce of paranoia I possess. I want to disconnect from the world and live in the wilderness. Then I could have both. Just I'd have to work harder for basic survival shit. Also I couldn't have collaboration, HURRRRRR. Therefore I couldn't have security in mah softwares. See I bounce around various arguments and contradict myself minute by minute. My brain is tugging in so many directions lately... and I'm pretty sure it's because I'm so damn close to launch.

My brain drives straight into a brick wall when trying to swallow: "do what you want because it's the only way to [have the possibility to] live a fulfilling life, even if you know that living the way you want to isn't necessarily the smartest".

As with tons of other things I've covered, CONTRADICTION IS OKAY WITH ME SO LONG AS I ADMIT IT. That it's also documented is fucken gravy ;-).

I'm as certain as I am that life is dangerous that if I was to cower and go into full paranoia mode.... that I'd never get out of it... even when it is safe to do so (lol that will probably never be the case anyways! (<- nail in coffin)).


For the purposes of writing this document:
"Do what I want" = public [launch]
"Do what is smartest" = private [anonymous puppeteer, etc]
...but obviously it applies to anything


I was going into writing this document just in aww at the contradiction itself, knowing that writing it down would help me traverse it. It has, and I'm now shaking with fear/excitement as I've deduced (for the Nth time) to publically launch.