So I figured out some really basic shit. It's really simple and it's just math. It is all just increasing/decreasing the amount of universes that you are still alive in. I do want to increase them (self defense etc), and I don't want to decrease them (russian roulette etc).

Paranoia~

I keep telling myself (jokingly) that I've figured out what an alpha male is: being stupid enough to not be paranoid but being smart and ready enough to defend yourself when needed. That's really where I want to live (though through understanding, not stupidity).

Paranoia does in fact increase the amount of universes you live in...... BUT AT A VERY HIGH COST (YOUR SANITY). It extends the length of life, but it degrades severely the quality of it.

That being said, since it is possible to live in this world without any paranoia (it doesn't break any laws of physics), I am choosing to do so! It does not matter to me that "99% of the [infinite] universes" result in a sooner death. I am willing to factor out all of those universes and to not think about them. I deem them irrelevant, however many there are. So I will, ONLY WITH THE REMAINING UNIVERSES, increase my chances and try not to decrease them. WITH THE REMAINING UNIVERSES, I will try to at all times keep increasing my chances so that I survive in "over 50% of the REMAINING [infinite] universes". Or something like that. Not sure "50%" fits, but did when I thought it up a few days ago.

I will be ready. This world presents good and bad in no order whatsoever. I will be ready for both. READY != PARANOID. Sure there is some overlap but it's really about mentality. I mean yea I could very easily still be paranoid while saying "I'm just getting ready" over and over. I mean that I don't want to be overly prepared like a paranoid would, I guess.

The lack of paranoia is needed to help chase goals (all of which are arbitrary and for fun :-P).

Semi-OT: I AM EXCITED TO RE-LEARN IT ALL AGAIN (and then die and do it all over again).


Better to live 5 minutes without paranoia than 10 with.


See, I told you it was really simple...

AND IT MEANS I AM RIGHT