Life is random but good to know.
Robinson said something random, and I said.. "random....... but good to know".


Roller coaster imagery

45 degree angle body as stiff as a plank, head in lower right, feet in upper left. Eyes either open wide/bright or shut completely. Both hands at about shoulder height gripping the handlebars, about a foot from shoulders/breasts, of a roller coaster harness thing. The harness thing that goes over your shoulders and holds you in your seat. You are intended to be inside of it.. but in this image you are not. The roller coaster is rounding out after going down a steep hill. It is already starting to level upward some, and your perfectly stiff plank body is the "line that touches perfectly the edge of a circle" (tangent or normal, i forget). You have until you either lose your grip and fall to your death... or until the roller coaster loses momentum (or until the roller coaster's generator runs out of gas (or until the earth runs out of oil (or until the sun explodes (or until the universe collapses)))) (all of which could be a sink/source tapping image off to the left for fun) and stops, until you die. You die either way and no matter what. From the interpretation of the picture, the person will likely lose grip during the "level out and up" arc that the ride is just coming to ... just simple physics. If he was inside the harness instead then he could go further.

The self awareness in his eyes, if open, show that he knows he is about to die. He initially thinks "why did I emerge on the outside of this harness" and resents it. He has slown down time to as close to a stop as he can get it. He wants to savor those few moments he has alive and conscious. He'll hold his grip as tight as possible, despite knowing it 'probably' isn't enough. He understands that it doesn't matter anyways... the roller coaster will eventually stop no matter what... but he savors it and so wants it to last as long as possible.

Also should be obvious, but he is facing upward. It is a batman style (under hanging) roller coaster. I guess you could say his line of sight is up and to the right.

Life is being born into those few moments where you know you are going to die and most of us don't accept and forge through that logic. Most likely, you have but a few moments of life (100 years is peanuts on the scale of infinity). Even if you are born where medicine can keep you alive for a ridiculously long amount of time... you always die eventually.


OT: To be mortal is not [just] to live forever. To be mortal is to know your birth (had:bitch). To know that there was a time when you were not. Immortals eventually cannot remember their bitch (lolz), because they live infinitely. WITHOUT KNOWING WHAT IT IS LIKE "TO BE NOT" [yet born], you cannot describe life itself. To understand the concept of 1, we must understand the concept of 0. If there is only 1, there is no understanding of what 1 is.