I've got a new vision/fantasy for the launch. I thought it up as simply a BDSM scene (few hours), but am starting to join/connect it to the launch (a lot, as much as I will). I will start with just the shorter BDSM scene I envisioned: I am standing in the middle of a room and am tied up so that my arms are reaching 90 degrees outwards, sort of like Jesus on the cross lmfao (coincidental). At the end of each arm is my "fingers" rig. I am either blindfolded or I can only see a screen in front of my eyes (initially only saw myself blindfolded, but eh screen makes more sense). I am standing naked and there is a surround sound speaker system in the room, which is either a square or circular (doesn't matter TOO much, so long as you know it isn't a rectangle or oval). I am listening to techno or whatever (could also be making it), and there is a hot female (dominatrix? it doesn't matter what she "IS" because I don't see her or talk to her directly) walking around the room in shoes/heals that are loud enough for me to hear her footsteps over the music (I adjust the volume as necessary). She has a duster and periodically dusts my junk. Rofl. I don't really know why, but the thought of her walking around me in circles (NOT DIRECT CIRCLES, BUT IN SOME RANDOM FASHION!!!) really sounds awesome. She could be dressed up as a french maid but as mentioned earlier, that doesn't matter. She may or may not also occassionally beat me off / suck me off / fuck me. A good person to play this role would be Roxann in her Hello Kitty outfit/apron, but I've also envisioned scenes where there was both Linetrap and Roxann there and they make out with my dick in between their mouths. It could be a launch porn.


Prior to now, I had only envisioned the launch as me sitting in a room and hitting a bowl [of something special] and then speaking/yelling/dancing randomly in a room that is like an empty room/basement or something. Perhaps even picking up and throwing my chair in an adrenaline rush? Or perhaps smashing my Droid as I fucking hate Google/etc?


That reminds me. In the above BDSM scene, the dominatrix (whoever it is, even if it's a noname) also holds the [special] bong up to my head and lights it for me within the first... say... 10 seconds of "launch". That part hasn't changed.