Whenever you feel suicidal, just remember that you can always just throw yourself against the wall and see what sticks. You can always kill yourself later. DO NO HARM, but do _ANYTHING_ else. "Society" (as it exists in the age that the reader reads this lives in) might be wrong. Fuck them. The individual is more important than the whole, which is why "do no harm" is so essential. It is LOGIC applied. LOGIC says if everybody went around killing just because they had the urge to, everybody would be dead. It isn't true, but the same theory still applies and is why we defend ourselves by having "police" and government.

"opt-in" police that are still just citizens that do whatever they want and REPORT CRIME AS THEY SEE IT (also responsible for detaining: gl;hf) is a solution to this. do they now have a responsibility to get involved in problems? inviting danger?

in a libre world, where does danger live?
danger must hide to exist
libre erradicates it
not allowing "proprietary" individuals into the system/room/building/society/whatever is vital in the attempt to keep danger at bay
of course there's always nukes LMFAO: we're fucked

spread out
distribute


but come together!!!!



i guess most everything will happen in "video chat" :-/?

humans are like a virus
they stick together
-the matrix


shit's true though, people would rally around ME
i say fuck off
but it doesn't matter what i say...
lewl



and i'd only be comfortable in a libre society
so i will invent/create one
(AND PATENT IT SO NOBODY ELSE IS ALLOWED IN ;-))

if the law says i cannot, i first claim human rights violation
then i try to kill the patent holder
then i kill myself

success will be achieved from one of the above
in the last one, success is achieved by removing myself from a shitty world. winning by not losing. equivalent to "wage slavery" in that respect ;-P



i consider myself a weasily sort of person
like steve buscemi from reservour dogs
he's the most "wacked out" (tweaker-like lawl) character,
yet he's the only one who mentions anything about a rat
and is also the only person who lives
steve buscemi kicks ass