output only mode is my comrpomise
compromise
24/7 output mode should be a requirement for "trustworthy" (even though it's a TERRIBLE indicator for others, i still hope to be genuine and not hide _ANYTHING_.
input can be toggled at will.
no minimum no maximum.
the way you go into output only mode IRL is by disabling eyecontact with them (a virtual block on a pair of glasses/contacts can block a human out of existence)


a mode where you only talk to people who maintain 27/7 output mode just like you do
so we create our own elitist sector
of freedom of information
so very worth it.

it is whitelist programming verified for each piece of information and whether or not the peer is trustworthy (and therefore not rectangularly blocked out of existence)


we also block their audio by having headphones on 24/7 (i like the idea of altering between in-ear and cup headphones as a way of letting my ear relax and like not doing the same thing for too long. or perhaps my ice headphones sitting on my shoulders perhaps bound to a backpack?). the only way you EVER allow input into your head (almost said ears) is through a microphone. so at any point you can disable the microphone and continue music. because i never really intend to disable music... just volume adjust someone i am listening to to be above the music).


i can/should call it "the whitelist"
i wonder if that domain is reserved. i bet it is but MAYBE not
it's a good play on words and stuff
it has marketting fluff
i just hope blacks don't get offended. maybe i should have a cheesy every-gender-included err no race* (and gender) picture on the front so they don't think it's the skin color i am talking about.

you are on the blacklist BY DEFAULT and you must earn your way onto the whitelist.
you only have to mathematically prove it.
the software does this all for you automatically.
blocking out included.
literally create a new fucking existence.
i am 100% sure hannah hopp would do it.
at least to try.
unable to say whether she'd stay with it (though i am guessing she would)

as would tons of others
it would work.

doesn't mean everyone would...

but fuck them.
they do not exist.