the two contradictions and/or red car analysis


There are two statements that "make sense" when analyzed individually but completely contradict each other when compared:
1) Re: Security; Err on the side of caution while attempting to not give a fuck
2) Outward influences will not kill you because in another universe, they do not exist

Which one is right? (1) is clearly safer, but if you don't "not give a fuck" ENOUGH then you will waste your life being overly cautious. (2) does not have that problem, but if that one's wrong you just randomly die. In fact it's hard to even say "you just randomly die" because the theory doesn't state that you DON'T die, just that in a different universe you don't die. Bleh can't make any more progress with this, IDFK.




Another subject (semi-related): the red car
If I set up a PRNG (outward influence) to decide what color car I will get, there will always be other universes where I get a car other than red. However, I can decide to not use a PRNG and just choose the red car to begin with (inward influence). Ok now that the prereqs are out of the way: the PRNG can still give me a red car. I don't cease to exist once I receive a red car so the "other universes" thing, although being entirely true, does not factor in. Only death factoring in causes the alternative universes to factor in. Now trying to factor that in with the 6 bullets revolver: I'm not sure if this is relevant: the bullets going off/firing does not cause death. The bullets piercing my skull/brain and fucking shit up causes death. I guess ultimately my own brain caused the death (by pulling the trigger (the trigger pulling alone doesn't also cause death)) so it would be an inward influence. Does this mean I _CAN_ kill myself? Killing myself is of course an inward influence. Does this mean that while I can kill myself, nothing else can kill me? It still doesn't even consider the whole "all 6 could be duds" thing... so what the fuck. No progress made. This paragraph sucks.