This world sucks but has potential. I don't like the interface I am forced to use in order to survive (not starve to death): the free market. I don't like that I have to take advantage of people, or that that's the goal given to others (although arguably a good goal, it can become an addiction that takes over the person's entire life). This world = earth 2014, has potential = year X that coolest leik thing evar came/comes (both) out. We can stretch reality like silly putty and change entire ways of thinking. Change reality in any definable way through robots = god mode. That we influence each other is also a big deal. Contributions will make all of my projects successful. That we influence each other negatively is also a big deal, though I'm not sure it's related to the subject at hand.


We fucking JUST hit a huge technology boost that has no sight in ending and I just happen to be born right around / slightly after the boost occurred. Tough luck but I mean it would be weird/interesting to be born a thousand years from now (was tempted to write "should we exist", but both of those realities are true (both us existing and not)). Life is going to change so much (it must) and people are just going to chill the fuck out and be all like sup.

Human brain in void with robot metal building abilities, what does he come up with? Now what does the smartest person in the whole world come up with? Good, copy/paste that to everybody (who can of course change it however). We are still on our planet so we really don't have that much space to play around.

The environment will likely be a sense stimulation environment, but whether or not it is a chair or a place you walk around (wearing an X) is an implementation detail.


Babies will probably be born in these right out the bat, our learning systems now based directly on sense stimulation. Just as I can never compare my NOT being born in one of those with one born in one, eya that was what I was going to say. I can't compare it, and neither can they. We will pretty much be different species mentally (still logic based/driven of course). Much smarter on average than my stupid ass I'd imagine (but you never know, stupidity might thrive over the years)


It is me who wants to build one for himself first and foremost. I was born a life form on a spherical life abundant planet. I got bored, dreamt that up, and now want-to/will do it. That others will do it at a young age is just a random side effect). Those humans who are born in them are effectively born in my dreams. Not that their physical parents were manifested in my brain's electrical waves, but instead the overall environment from all of my/the-world's technical advancements. Since the environments were created in my dreams, and environments have a huge impact on who a person is, people's very existence is heavily-influenced (had:dicated) by my dreams (electrical waves in brain when sleeping). Rofl.