The past few days (before the trip described below. luckily the trip helped squash this) I'd been giving serious thought to attempting the "random 1/100 chance of survival sucide machine". It's just that I felt suicidal in general so it seemed like a logical pre-step. I used logic to justify it. If it works, them I'm fairly certain there are infinite universes and so I can proceed forward without fear. If it fails, well I'm dead and don't have to worry about it. I asked myself once what it being 'proven' true would buy me, and I wasn't able to think of anything. In that time of pondering, I greatly underestimated the value of being without fear. Quality of life SIGNIFICANTLY improved.


"Using other people's logic against them" is the only way to have an argument/discussion, because otherwise they don't understand you. Semi-OT: Copyleft uses other people's law against them.


I think back at how I've chosen myself over my peers, but now find myself bitching out for that very reason. I feel hesitant to hurt the ones I love (BANJO). Why do we always hurt the ones we love? Because that's how your enemy hurts you most. I wish I didn't have this ball n' chain that is family/friends, but I _KNOW_ if I was family/friend-LESS that I'd wish the opposite. Grass is always greener on the other side.


We itch/scratch ourselves into consciousness. Itches are generally purely mental, so either accidentally or intentionally our subconscious is putting them everywhere on our body. We scratch the itch, and slowly build a 3d map of our body. Other physical with the outer world does the same thing, but maybe only itches cover our body entirely.


The meaning of life is eating your own vomit.


Tripped balls (DXM) yesterday and had a pretty sad trip. No more metaphors for life, just saw it plainly in a very primitive state. It was a small village of people (their houses/huts/whatever(never-saw-one) spread pretty far apart). Communication at the level of grunting and miming. I saw how nothing's really changed. Our primary commodities are food, water, shelter, and women (sry but males are the dominant gender). I saw a girl get raped who didn't know how to say no. She was making noises and it was clear she was resisting, but the brute blonde just had his way with her. There were a few families in the village, maybe 3-5 (but the number changed as it needed to fit the trip). A brute blonde family, a kinder brunette family, and a brunette girl (the same one that got raped) was just sort of wandering (I guess her family abandoned her). The brunette girl took refuge with the brunette family, which was just a man and his son. Not because they were brunette (well, maybe), simply because they were kinder to her (didn't force their penis into her vagina, for instance). Later in the dream more and more girls took refuge there. At one point I saw the brunette sone going around with a wheelbarrow scooping up girls for refuge. He was simply doing what his father told him to do, perhaps misinterpreting the instructions. He was jealous of the blonde brute's family kids having sex with these women, but did what his father told. Eventually the blonde family dad took offense to the brunette dad taking them in; he considered it a sort of theft, though obviously he didn't know the words for it. He started hiring men for war. A scene where some primitive men are asked if they want to sign up for war. One asks what war is, and another tells him about his friend who did war and got his own sword and was fed food daily etc, a pretty good deal. It was never mentioned that war meant killing. I pictured the way they'd have killed back then. Probably took their time and enjoyed it. Ripped the flesh off their face with sticks. The victim screaming in terror but unable to form communicable words like we have today. A scene where the brunette dad inquired about this rumor of war, to perhaps a politician type. Shocked to find out it means death/killing and even more shocked to find out it was coming towards him. He probably gave up the girls, but maybe he never found out and the 4 or so blonde brutes (and I guess I mentioned they hired more?) easily overtook the brunette father and his son. A scene where a son shows his dad a bird/chicken he caught, and the dad simply intrigued by it (or maybe for barter, I'm unsure) distributes it to the neighbors. The son thinks to himself "why should I give it to them if I don't get any?" and proceeds to live by himself in the woods. The concept of police and politicians are introduced later on. A woman questions why she'd bother getting the "police family" if the police family do the same thing as the crime she's trying to report (most likely rape). Politicians: the strong brutes choose the seemingly-smart submissive and have him elected, then control him (nothing has changed here).

It was so sad to see/understand that that was how the world was, and still is today. Things have changed, but ultimately are the same. Women do have a bit more protection (and the ability to communicate certainly helps) from rape, but I still think there are a lot of unspoken situations where a girl is put in a situation of "suck my dick, or starve. your choice".

So many small things dicate the rest of your life. A newcomer is introduced to his [male] friend about the concept of a blowjob. The woman says she'll suck his dick for $2 (etc). Him, not knowing about sex or money, fixates on the idea of getting his dick sucked and goes to find money just for that reason/reward. It most likely keeps him occupied for the rest of his life.

I saw the chaos of it all. Socio-economics. How people are so influenced by their moods/emotions. I sober up and see the same thing. As usual, these words don't do the trip justice. It was depressing as fuck.

I said to myself "I don't see a future where I'm alive if I launch". I had myself convinced yesterday that I should do a censored launch and hell even do it with my parents (censor everything, fresh start). I thought about changing Abc2 so that it's "buy a question a day" instead of "buy an ad slot a day" (there are tons of ways I can use Abc2 differently). I tell myself to sit on it and wait for tomorrow (today). There was a strange hallucination after I made that decision to do a censored launch. I saw myself standing there with no head, and I also saw a shadowed hooded man (with a head). I thought it weird that I didn't see my own head, but I kinda figured it was because I chose to censor myself. The two bodies merged and now I had a head (albiet shadowed/hooded (face unseen)). I inquired the other being and he said he's the part of me that I always repress/etc; is my subconscience. He said that in everything I do in that censored launch, he'll change it slighly and influence it and make it a tad bit... hmmm... evil? Not like evil but like as in... douchebaggy and... well... fake. Fake like advertisements are. Fucking bullshit. I told him I wouldn't stand for it, it's my mind and body. He said "yes it is" (or maybe "that it is") (and maybe he said it twice), in a surprisingly agreeing manner. I asked him what that was supposed to mean, but I realized the answer right as I asked: it's his mind and body too.

I had myself convinced at one point (the censoredship launch = go stage) that the truth is too ugly to be revealed. That those who think the people deserve the truth are simply naive (had:ignorant) of it. I felt like if I was nicer and respectable and better spoken and generally good, my censoring of it wouldn't be a big deal and it'd simply be a gem of understanding of my life for the future once it's decrypted. I'd say "I was ugly and mean and angry. I don't want to be that person anymore" when questioned about it. It's weird because while I don't want to be so angry/ugly anymore, I'm leaning more and more away from that censorship launch thing. I'm remembering that my shit is most likely ALREADY hacked/jacked/etc.

It's so depressing and I want to try to fix the system. Need help from the government (because otherwise they'll kill me). I really think 'normalcy' might be the/a solution. But there are so many ways even that can go wrong. It still is fundamentally better because it doesn't pit us against each other in a neverending distributed p2p war. But I feel so helpless. It seems so futile that I don't even want to try. And yet not trying seems like all my braincells going dim. I feel obligated to fix it. I don't know a soltution, but I feel during the trip I did finally manage to identify the problem crystal clear. It's still hard to put the problem into words though. However, one thing's for certain: I can't fix it BEFORE I move out. I need to move out asep because I'm detecting weird vibes from my parents. They're going to kick me out soon. So I definitely need to (Launch ABC && ???). Launching ABC is the only thing that's in pretty much every equation, I'm tempted to just stick with that and figuring out the rest later. Oh but during the trip I saw myself succumbing to greed: A growing stack of (metaphorical) cylinders with me at the top and continuously stacking them higher and higher.