My output only input only solution will probably depend on some kind of persistent indefinite filesystem (foreverfilesystem mb) to have replayability


the "output only" (which is KEYBOARD/MOUSE (or fingers) "input" only + RELAYING_THAT_INPUT_AS_OUTPUT_TO_OTHER_MACHINES_AFTER_RECORDING_IT) machine, teh only safe one, needs to be able to replay it's shit (the keyboard/mouse/fingers events) and the foreverfilesystem or whatever acts THE SAME AS IT DID THE FIRST TIME

god so hard to conceptualize


d3fault: environment

I AM AN ENVIRONMENT

not an os
not an app


hack proof hopefully (input/output only machines)

dht on a completely different... level... a different part of the design. the online interaction part.




i definitely have my work cut out for me
for my entire fucking life



i like that wording though: environment

OS apathetic environment

plugins are apps
and development is a) inline editable b) designEquals (hopefully)
and development is also optional. it is intended for end-users as well. they are key. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT.

row row fight the powa



the contents of my hard drive would surely be targetted if an evil malicious entity wanted to control information
one might exist but i guess he doesn't know of the details of my overthrow
how foolproof it is
it's going to work

once i launch there's no turning back
once copies of all my work have been distributed globally
i'll sleep so much better
and there's no erasing it

i need to STFU until then

this shit is valuable

but MAYBE
just MAYBE
'they' support it
and just want to rip me off for profit lmfao


still need to stfu either way

because they can/will patent the stolen ideas
preventing me from implementing them
though i will hopefully just ignore patents

i want to live on mars
and say "lol wut?" to dmca requests/patent-compliance-sue'ages
etc

fuckin corporatism
my dad buys into it

idiots.

there is nobody driving
greed is pulling in many directions
that is all


oh and i _GUESS_ there's also the chance that they support it and won't interfere/steal
but i doubt that. i doubt that very much. humans are easily corruptable. at least one of them is.