I'm intermittently brave enough to launch. At the beginning of a day I can be all for it, and then later on I flip flop (or vice versa). It really is the apathy and desire to die that thrusts me forward. I _ALWAYS_ hit that bullet point of logic, "well before you blast yourself...". It's like fucking clockwork. I know it's unhealthy and doesn't make sense, but what can I do? It's how I feel.


If I can't derive it and make fun of it, I want nothing to do with it.


The world I live in makes me want to blast myself, so I'll create my own [small (initially)] world. Isn't that HEALTHY? Yes. My government will allow it. They SHOULD even endorse it (but probably won't). That's (had:It's) what "freedom" is all about.


OT-as-fuck: Inviduality killed the individual. Submission pyramids, the inviduals at the top oppress the inviduals at the bottom. Conform or die (or create your own pyramid ("innovate")).


Caydon apparently moved in today. I am calling bullshit on it, Kelsi's just using it as a way to get 1+ weeks worth of free babysitting. Still maybe it is permanent. I'm torn on how I feel about it. So close to a launch at home, but now Caydon lives here WTF?!?!? It might be what's best for him, but it's not what's best for me (two Steven's in the same room do not get along (typo:alone)). Then again, I've had plenty of time and am just a fucking pussy. Time does eventually run out. Now considering the "fuck you launch" variant, where I launch ABC+HVBS publically all at the same time, but without the live stream portion since I live at home. It's "fuck you" because it'll probably be a few days/weeks/psbly-months before my parents even find out about it. I sure as shit am not going to tell them.

You know I just remembered a short blip of a dream I had last night: I was laying on the floor of an empty music rehearsal studio (I tried/failed to rent one about a month ago). I was just laying there thinking about everything I'd do. Just laying there I felt content. There was no furniture or anything in the room. It was pretty well lit.