I am a leader of this revolution. This "internet revolution". I just hadn't realized it yet. Hadn't figured it out. To be a revolutionary is a matter of luck. Revolution is in many of our hearts. Stumbling upon the logic (and of course, being smart enough to stumble upon the logic) is what separates a revolutionary from a peon(?? protestor??). Boldness is yet another factor (aka bravery). To see the path and then to take it. I am lucky that I do not need to revolt. No violence is needed and no overthrow of government. The USA is dynamic. The law allows for a dynamic society underneath it. SO WHAT IF the current "rulers" (people with the most money, lobbying the government) would have us be mindless proprietary works consumers. Law does not require it. In fact, the law states that we have the right to fight it if we so choose. The "pursuit of sanity" is the same thing as the "pursuit of happiness". It is a well guarded constitutional/human right. I am glad I don't have to revolt because taking sides AGAINST the USA is a recipe for disaster. I am still afraid of those corporate controllers / "rulers" in power right now (whether or not they use the power of the government they control is irrelevant. death from an assassin is the same as death from a corrupt politician instructing a military unit. death is death), but I needn't be afraid of law any longer. I have figured it out. The law is on my side. It does not matter "how I behave" except that I behave within the law. Judges and Lawyers do not consider whether an entity is "vulgar" when deciding if he is acting within law within the scope of copyright enforcement. It is completely irrelevant to them (at least, if you appeal enough it is :-P. Lower judges tend to be... dumb), but not irrelevant to "friends", "the bastards", "family", etc. You will be judged as a person, and you will be judged legally. Being dis "revolutionary" means only that I have found a logical path through all the bullshit. I will be the first in the LIBRE society. You can choose not to come. You will die. Children will opt into the LIBRE society. The end. Whether any of this is (in the future, or right as I am typing this) stolen is also irrelevant. The only relevance is that it is put into place and I am able to execute it. You cannot steal my thoughts and make me forget. I am going for it. All of this logic can be reproduced. That I have documented the path leading up to the logical discovery is a bonus, but not required at all.


Ceasar stumbled upon the logic of "power is siezed", and did so (paid the "price").
Lincoln stumbled upon the logic of "all men are created equal", wrote about it and enacted it (paid the "price").
Lincoln and Martin Luther King pretty much died for the same cause. The fact that "one from each side" died for the cause might have helped it prevail.


Will I too "pay the price"?
Fuck.
I sure as shit hope not.
This life thing's just too fucking fun.
(*tries really fucking hard not to mention drugs here because it will lower the overall quality of the speech (OOOOOPS SUCK IT BITCHES)*)



We all (all of us who can make the conclusion that "shit needs to change") are revolutionaries "at heart" (our conscience etc). Getting lucky and stumbling upon the logic is all that separates me from anybody else.




I do feel, in the much longer term, that the key to legalizing mind altering substances also lays within "right to pursue sanity / happiness". I'm just not willing to push THAT ("content" / "works" will be a large enough trial in itself!) because it will land me promptly in prison. The content/works trial is worth it because it is a true pursuit of sanity/happiness without breaking ANY laws. Basically no laws will change, but case law will be put into place. That is all. A human being has the right to: (a) broadcast himself 24/7/365 for the pursuit of happiness/sanity while simultaneously (b) hosting a file sharing network so as to escape paranoia (censorship!) and to allow collaboration in a controlled manner: only LIBRE content is of interest (Proprietary content has led me to insanity. I will have no more of it. There is no portion of the law that says I am compelled to receive proprietary content). That's it.


The whole "infinite dmca compliance" is essentially the same reason a "mere conduit" doesn't have to do DMCA compliance. It is IMPOSSIBLE. I'm not saying a single individual hosting a file hosting network is the SAME THING as a "mere conduit", but that the same reasoning applies to both. Impossible task is impossible.



I have a social obligation to launch.
I have a legal "defense" to launch.



I don't know if the "music induced" "new thoughts" will be considered "transformative" (I like to think they will), but they are not all that relevant. They really only apply to my previous works anyways. To err on the side of caution, proprietary/non-LIBRE content shall be ignored outright. "Refusing to acknowledge the existence of" is the safest legal approach, but mentioning is also safe too. Still, knowing of it's existence (through "mentioning") is enough to give you the WANT to leave your libre-only society. So it is best to not "mention" a proprietary works altogether. It just helps with the... "not getting sucked out"... factor... though it will definitely be hard initially. That and you can't control what others discuss. They might be LIBRE-compliantly discussing a proprietary works. I guess I could programmatically allow them to select whether they "mention" a proprietary works and my system could filter that out? This idea is actually amazing, because I want none of it in my brain. None. Get. The. Fuck. Out. If I cannot share you, I do not want to know of you. Those are my terms of "meeting me". "Being entered into my brain". "My brain acknowledging the existence of you". Etc. It is well within my legal/human rights to live in such a manner. I will fight for them (legally) and I will win. It will arise through "copyright infringement" claims (my not responding in a reasonable time to content *WRONGFULLY* submitted to my LIBRE-ONLY network). The only examples of such claims are works I explicitly "view". What if I only view a "reference-to" them, but I recognize that they are possibly-infringing? There is still the issue of "how do I do verification while broadcasting" (A SOLUTION TO WHICH I CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR FIGURING OUT!!!!!!!!!!). So I guess I should do it as best as I can, the "copyright infringement" case will come no matter what. I still don't know if that consists of "I see a link to a known-possibly-infringing work" or "I am actively [about to] view[ing] a known-possible-infringing work". Which should trigger my DMCA-Notice-Lookup-By-URL? Unsure tbh.

What will most likely trigger the most significant case: My alabye-backed IN GOOD FAITH viewing and simultaneous broadcast of a recent copyrighted work. it is IN GOOD FAITH because (a) I had not heard of it and (b) The user opt'd-in and claimed that the work was LIBRE (copy'able, broadcast'able). The user is in violation, not I. I'd still have to respond to the DMCA takedown after said case was over (BUT NOT BEFORE!?!?). Their hauling me to court is clearly a "notification of a copyrighted works". So perhaps I have to takedown as soon as I show up to court? I receive the "due process" notification of a court date? Is this something my LLC "agent" would receive? I think yes. But can't I opt to be him myself? How does that work? Am I forced to check email? How can the future human be summons'd to court. With criminal violation (actual violence), they kick in the door and arrest your ass. Copyright Infringement is a civil issue, thus all they can do is knock on your door and call you and try to find you in public? What if you're in output-only mode? The Supreme Court would probably have to rule on such an issue. I genuinely have no idea. HOWEVER I am more than willing to bet that _I_ personally will be served by my own LIBRE network :-P. Still, now the issue of: how do I know the service is legite and not just from "Anon" and/or "prankster" or whatever. Where is proof that it is from a "government official"? Does the government need their own special "signing" keys? I think yes, but I bet they'd get leaked and abused MASSIVELY so that's probably a terrible idea overall.

How, in my future 'every person is equal' futuristic and technologically advanced society (politicians etc do not exist), does punishment get handled? Civil obviously, we can just do the kicking down the door idea for criminals still :-P. Civilly: in what way can we hold a person liable? The current method sucks. It is flawed and outdated and practically impossible to ENFORCE in this day and age. You provided a valid phone number for contact, yet the phone just rings indefinitely. No answering machine. TECHNICALLY the phone number isn't wrong. In fact, in every respect it isn't wrong. It just isn't.... answered. How can we force a human to answer to society? How can we force them out of output-only mode? Knocking on the door has the same issue: just never open the door. Mail (even certified): ditto. E-Mail: laughable.


With my copyright infringing case (probably a big name title), I will most likely be illegally raided... so it is of much less concern. Err... as in... it isn't relevant. I just hope to have the cameras rolling when they do it. They'll probably do it peacefully/calmly since I am recording. This is good. It is safer. I want to declare right this very instant that I will NOT be resisting arrest. Resisting arrest is a recipe for disaster. It will get you beaten or accidentally shot/killed (I guess the killing could also be on purpose, if they felt threatened). I will not resist. Kick down my door and walk in calmly. Here's what you should say: "STEVEN YOUR DAY OF JUDGEMENT HAS COME. I AM GOD". lol jk idfk say your normal shit "police! this is a raid! we have a warrant for your arrest! come out with your hands above your head!" etc -_-. Please note that I will verbally respond (surrenduring: "ok ok ok i give up" yada yada), but I will stay within view of the camera (with my hands in plain sight). You're going to have to come in and physically apprehend me. I will not resist.

Cool I've also just given assassins an easy way to trick me into not defending myself. Fuck. I guess I'll just have to have enough cameras spread around and be in contact with enough friends (under a libre-only social contract) to be able to know whether they are legitimate police or not. If they aren't, I would hope others would come to my rescue. Police should too (but may be "bought off" and "conveniently busy").



The network is libre-only, but I will live in an even smaller section: NoMention-Proprietary-Works opt-in "tag". That is the only content I desire to see. Truly. I am not saying this just to dodge DMCA/law. I genuinely feel insane because of this proprietary content driven society that is reality 2012. I have the right to "NoMention-Proprietary-Works + Libre-Only" UNDER "the pursuit of happiness". The most basic of constitutional rights. I win.


If I never hear of a proprietary work mentioned ever again, I will be a happy person. I don't want to even see them discussed. We must refuse to acknowledge their existence until they become LIBRE! I really hope [redacted "funkadellic techno" band] becomes libre. I'll miss them. BUT THEY ARE WORTH MISSING. Oh btw this work is now unable to be tagged NoMention-Proprietary-Works :(. Fix'd. This document in particular is too important to not have that tag. I can mention proprietary works to my heart's desire... reminiscing of the olden days. The insanity sucked, but the music was alright ;-). So were the movies. I just have to tag the "work discussing" appropriatly. It's LIBRE still, just doesn't have the NoMention tag.





This will work. I have never been more confident in myself/it (I stumbled upon "it") than I am today right now.