i am a single instantiation of a single class
the class represents my dna
the method/property calls are manipulations from the otherthan'class' (as in, all other classes can manipulate our public methods/properties) are my mind
chaos has given us "ambition" and then shit gets done. emotion is the prerequisite perhaps.
my dna does modify itself in obscure manners (by error) and bam we evolve.

evolutionary halt (i visualize it spiraling inwards somehow, hard to explain)
resources evolve into resource consuming beings eventually all resources used and the "latest" evolution to come alive tries to kill the "oldest" evolution alive in order to (mathematically DEMANDING THAT) continue to evolve!!! you need to procreate in order to evolve, however i would suggest that it is probably possible eventually that we could copy/paste evolutions onto our alive selves. we can have all the perks without any of the wars if we all agree to population control but agree to dedicate a large portion of our species to reproducing, which is incredibly easy.

you should perhaps be required to give semen to be used with evolving the human race and if you don't opt-into raising your child (you are asked but there is no consequence if you say no) then someone else is paid or simply wants to because it is for the cause of "evolving".

the being always retains free will for when his child is born

wait, what? how are we all going to live here at the same time... considering we definitely can for a fact produce "infinite" humans... incl. keeping them alive via freezing ;-).
i guess that was a question so "?"

the class coming into existence through randomness is the exploding boomshackalaka it's just fucking there before you even know what "there" means. we mix our boomshackalaka with the opposite gender and a fuzzyMerge takes place. understanding that fuzzyMerge perfectly is key to understanding the evolution of the human species

my dna comes into existence through randomness -- therefore it always appears rare. it's like we managed to "save" (via reproduction) the random emergences and then they all fought each other to the death until the best ones evolutionarily won the fucking fight to the death. the losers become our food. since we need food to survive, incentive is created. the best of us literally eat the stupid of us. we eat cows/pigs/etc. when we were at a lower level evolutionarily there may have only been 1-2 other things on the planet to eat (in teh water). of course all of these beings got eaten up so their existence is a complete mystery. i would think that the early days of evolution would have been very fast. I think that it may even be true that before we evolved reproduction (pass-along-traits), evolution may have moved MUCH FASTER. it is irrelevant because there is no intelligent being there to experience/record it. trying to think of it is impossible. "imagine creatures that are unimaginable" you cannot. we are unimaginable, we only "appear relative" to our "peers" (derivatives). each derivative is equal to 1/totalDerivativesInExistence. the government should always be >= 50% of the total, with precision that scales depending on population size so as to be more than accurate enough. if i use uint i am set for quite a while (famous last words (i really fucking hope i am still alive during the uint expiration. i would enjoy getting angry about it and forgetting that i wrote this. hello me from future reading this after being linked to it by someone. thank you someone btw)) yea i guess i mean sure i guess i want to live to see the uint of human beings be evolved/born.

maybe teh government is trying to force people into coming up with creative ways of killing themselves so that they can then reap the benefits. you fill a mind with garbage brainwash (seemingly) and then make them kill themself because they are miserable from what the government is providing
what existence is providing, essentially
software is an existence experience
and software especially has the capability of becoming a person's lifestyle
as in, they could use it almost exclusively for niche reasons
i wish to and i will create a software guided human (didn't have human there for first time writing sentence)existence experience machine for personal use at the very fucking least.


my experiences come into existence through randomness -- therefore it always appears rare. ditto on some of the dna shit goes here.
yes the exact sequence of experiences is a much more ridiculously rare (by an order of magnitude) occurance but that is irrelevant when the timeframe we're dealing with is infinity. steven always re-emerges. fuck yea being me. fuck yea right now. again. fuck yea right now again. it is theoretically infinite of me thinking/writing that at infinite irrelevant-but-inseparable times (space is also possible but less likely (but that's also irrelevant (just need more confidence in infinite space and more matter outside our universe))). right now is right now but i have no idea which i am in. only that i am definitely in one of them right now. it could be the first and it could be the last. i am in a steven body/mind right now. that is all i am sure of. now is now and i can't go back but i will eventually re-experience it? or seemingly will stumble upon it again. but the seemingly part is that it seems like it is the first time when it is not.

life always seems like the first time but it never is (or perhaps is) and it also might never be again (or perhaps won't) so therefore we are essentially one anyways. we cannot recall other human experiences therefore we are only steven because we are steven. but that is the point. there is only ever seemingly 1 instantiation. that is why i would like this one (my fucking brain/me/steven/yo/sup/scientistsPlzSaveMeh) to live as long as possible. afterlife? prove it. no proof? then stfu. you cannot make a claim unless you have proof. even if it is fail proof it is still a form of proof. it still wastes your time being checked.
when i say we are essentially one in the previous sentence i mean it differently than normal. i mean that us stevens. all infinite of us. we all always seem like one. therefore WE MIGHT AS FUCKIGN WELL BE "ONE". as in a singular unit. as in, i won't repeat. even though i know i will, i don't feel like i'm going to repeat because i won't be an assembled mind anymore when that repeating happens because i'll be dead and recycled but in another sense i will the the same matter that might make up that steven so there is definitely chemical reincarnation. but that i won't have my memories when i am reassembled. i won't be this steven still. it is possible but highly unlikely that i will see another steven. the orders of magnitude difference in that one formula is too great of a difference.

You know what I'll tell you I get tired of all the religion fairy tales in each universe instantiation.
Am I also derivatives? In a sense YES (in that chemical sense)... but in the brain/thought/person sense: NO YOU ARE NOT AND THE CHANCES THAT YOU HAVE THE SAME EXPERIENCES EXACTLY AS ANOTHER PERSON ARE ASTRONOMICALLY (;-)) low. by another person i mean another you. since you have to look just like you in order to receive the same experiences from curt/vicki/the-gang/errbody-nao-etc as you are. that is you. it is the combination. i know this to be true: you are very ridiculously unlikely to ever meet any other person like yourself. just relish being me. relish being me at time now. now is relative and so applies to any time you use it at. since we don't know of beginnings/ends/relativity-in-terms-of-how-many-times-we've-occured-before, using the time "now" gives us hacky/good-enough-lol accuracy and relativity to any situation (so long as it's properly documented i guess?).