My test box should be recursive. The topmost host (the non-test box. mah devbox lawl) should expose to each devbox an image of itself (testbox)! Each test box has Virtualbox installed too.

Why?

I just theorized that it's SAFER (barely but definitely) to have two 2nd layer virtual machines communicating with each other over the "network" that the 1st layer of virtual machine provides via it's loopback. The host/devbox loopback never gets involved (NOT THAT IT WOULD MATTER MUCH! (right?)).

TODOreq: verify that virtual machines are actually protectant against typical accidental bugs at the very least. If they can be explicitly hacked out of that's one thing... but to hack yourself out and then to corrupt the host... ALL ON ACCIDENT through bugs? Very probably unlikely (unless Virtualbox SUCKS). I spent all day today trying to create a custom "debian live cd test box" with qt sdk pre-installed but the furthest I got was accidentally choosing i386 when I wanted amd64 (even though my devbox is x86... who cares? Qt doesn't.). The computer I was going to use without a drive plugged in or anything except crossover cable (but was even contemplating unplugging it (this depends on an "output only" solution to be PROPERLY 'safe' :-D. safety is equivalent to security in this sense... except since we're developing/testing/debugging/BOUND-TO-EXECUTE-ERRORS-AND-SEGFAULT-ETC it is a different kind of measure contextually). Couldn't get the Nokia Qt SDK to install from command line anyways gah... but fugging about with live-build in Debian Squeeze was fun <3 <3. Did a git configure auto config thingo with perfecto customizations otherwise :)... was really impressed with Debian. Oh and also lol'd when I couldn't get 64 bit debian to even launch on my mom's laptop. Gah should I try again... or is running virtualbox on the dev machine itself safe enough? I am relatively sure it's safe-ER than running it natively on the development box.... but not 100% sure. All I know is the virtualized box can crash without affecting the host the overwhelming vast majority of the time: I have seen it and done it!