How to prove beyond a reasonable doubt, ONLY TO YOURSELF, that infinite multiverse theory is in effect:
I mean there are plenty of ways, but this is a way that doesn't let you "bitch out" and isn't scary at all etc...

Hook up a PRNG with sufficient entropy (mouse/kb/network input is good enough) to decide whether or not you will be brought back from sleep.

The only purpose of doing it while you are asleep is... eh... to make it less scary I suppose. Guns, pulling a trigger... is a moment of "ZOMFG" and would be really hard to "do". But then again, the act of falling asleep now becomes "pulling the trigger" so would maybe be equally as difficult (nitrous works (but then twisting the valve becomes [...])).


You need a surefire way to kill yourself: fuck vegetables etc. You should probably also make pretty damn sure that you won't be found. This is actually really fucking hard because there will be infinite variations of your surroundings... but I think it would be possible to hide yourself from, say: 9999999999999999999999999999999 humans for "the next few hours" (until you're good and dead).


Whatever, back to the shit: you give yourself low odds. 1/100 and you wake up peacefully. 99/100 you never wake up (lethal injection, etc etc (but remove the ability to even see the random() result to take bitching out out of the equation). You can't not wake up, therefore you always will (RELATIVE ONLY TO THE FIRST PERSON EXPERIENCE. Your peers will most likely see you die (BUT, if you do allow them to watch... (had:EVENTUALLY) some of them watching you (because you can do it multiple times to become "more sure" (but never 100% (close the fuck enough definitely imo))) will see the 1/100 that survives [multiple times] and they could gain as much reasonable doubt you have. More likely though, they see you die and write it off as a stupid experiment.


I know I'm touching on lots of stuff I've covered before, but I've never put it in such a simple and non-scary experiment.

If you do the 1/100 survival odds... say... 5 times.... and live each time... you can be sure beyond a reasonable doubt that infinite multiverse theory is in effect.


That being said, I think I'm too scared to try it. HOWEVER, if I was suicidal (whether it's from depression..... or "indefinite boredom").... this would be an excellent experiment/way-to-go-out. But I mean you'd have to change your mind about the suicide afterwards... so somehow undo your depression.... and tbh I don't think it would cure the indefinite boredom problem. You'd just be like "lol so my hunch was right all along" before blasting yourself for real (0/100 odds (ignoring the fact that it's really difficult (the question:IMPOSSIBLE?) when infinite multiverse theory factors in)). And you'd likely wish you had the balls to try it much earlier in life... because having that knowledge would certainly make you/me live differently.


Logic says:
If there is infinite time, you will always wake up.
If there isn't, you will most likely not wake up.


Will I risk my life on logic?

My life, my understanding of life, _IS_ logic. I don't know what the relevance of that statement is but it seemed like a good thing to write.

Am I saying that I'm already basing all life on logic... already? Isn't it different though in some way? I'm confused here so I'll just stop reaching.


New subject-ish: I seem to be on a confidence roller coaster these past few days/weeks/months-maybe-too. It goes from 0% confidence wondering wtf I should do with my life to 100% confidence forging ahead etc.


I want to execute the experiment, despite being too much of a pussy... because it's results would allow me to have 100% confidence always. I could leap the gap from "beyond a reasonable doubt" to "definitely" with a hardwire. Doing it 5 times I'd be PRETTY FUCKING SURE. I'd be sure enough. Not sure my math is right, but you could just do one experiment with one in ten billion survival rate (but make sure your PRNG goes that high (a small reason to do 0-100)!).

You have to hide your body to be an order of magnitude (several, to be sure) more difficult to find than the odds of your survival, in order to not be "revived" (ruining the experiment (LOL)) and perhaps now in a vegetable state (worse than death imo (but really we are already all vegetables because the reality created in the mind of a vegetable ESSENTIALLY the same as the reality we perceive. It _CAN_ be as elaborate (but probably isn't)).


Again, this would be "decreasing the amount (of which there are infinite so wtf who cares anyways(????????????)) of surviving instances", something we SHOULD be against..... but since you are factoring out vegetablization etc, [something goes here I forget].


So re-touching on suicide which I've written/thought about many many times... and whether it's possible: it's all about what method you use and how sure it is to kill you. If you are going to attempt it, be a thousand times sure (or more). A simple "will likely kill you" (shotgun to the face) will not suffice.


I feel as though I've hit a checkpoint a while back regarding infinite multiverse theory and am now onto a different question. I was mostly concerned with (and indeed this experiment only deals with) the survival of "life", consciousness... our while(true) loop of electrical signals in our brain. I'm actually QUITE certain (but not beyond a reasonable doubt) that infinite multiverse theory is true and yada yada all it's implications. So after accepting that and moving onto "environment", the game is changed dramatically.

Am I willing to risk my body parts to an attack by some corrupt ass motherfucking politician?

"There are worse things than death"

I was so consumed by the implications of infinite multiverse theory against.... LIFE (because life is most important (coder/logic minds tend to deal with "extremes"))... that I rarely factored in the environment aspect. Yes I've written many times that "infinite multiverse theory does nothing about the preservation of the environment"..... BUT I usually left it there and didn't tackle exactly where in the "balance of ultra paranoid vs. brave" I wanted to be. I did factor LIFE against that scale and have landed on brave. BUT, environment on that scale is fucking tricky.


I don't know what to do (hence confidence dropping to 0% certain days), and I'm fucking pissed that I live on Earth in 2013 where evil is seemingly thriving.

I'm re-considering anonymity again. Anonymity gives you freedom of speech but with the ability to preserve your environment. I know for a fact that I don't want to be anonymous. The "fun" aspect is still there sure, but ultimately the paranoia factor and that I deem it a shitty/hidden/cowardly life overrule the "fun" aspect. Now I see paranoia as a cost for preserving environment. Shit, it has been all along... but I guess you could say now I'm CONTEMPLATING being willing to pay it [longer (because I'm not launched and dwell in it (and hate it))].


If I'm a hacker on Earth in 2013 (I am), I can use anonymity to get the best of both worlds: uncensored speech while preserving my environment...... at the cost of paranoia (tempted to write "fame" because it too would be absent... but I genuinely don't give a shit about fame).

I don't want to take that route at all, but I'm considering it yet again while trying to find the balance of "ultra paranoid vs. fearless bravery" with respect to environment.


I believe thousands of years from now we'll have peace and a man can just be himself and speak his mind without fear that corrupt ass motherfucking politicians (etc) will systematically destroy his environment [in order to control him].