suppressed facefuck post:
"Like someone with gender identity issues, I'm a coder who wishes he was a musician... 'Yerzmyey - New Sound' 'Kplecraft - Ydodo'"
except instead of the artist/title it was going to be URLs xD. also thought of posting them both without any words whatsoever, because both of the songs have no words whatsoever and yea 'they speak for themselves' hurr (but true). Honestly though, a big (the main?) reason I wanted to post them was because I was too lazy to log in to last.fm to "love" them.. but then I realized writing about the suppressed post HERE would allow me to mention them :). So yea, I don't think they're >= DPL, but I couldn't find anything confirming or denying it for either of them.


Dreams:
1) lucid
2) girl dead mom
3) club restaurant
4) latent homosexuality
5) hospital, unicycle
6) intel


1)Lucid dream last night where I was sitting in my computer [chair] staring at the screens. I don't remember the content of the screens and doubt it's relevant. I heard a weird noise like an insect scratching at the wall. I turned to the right and looked upward a bit and saw an insect on the wall, and (oshi- methinks this refers to that shit i wrote a while ago) it was like in the "corner" where the walls meet. Except even though it was in a corner like that, it also wasn't idfk how to explain that part. So anyways somehow looking over to the right and up made me know I was dreaming. I somehow knew I wasn't actually sitting in the chair. Since the place I was lucid dreaming was only a few feet from where I was laying dreaming, I got a weird sense of being in two places at once. I felt as though my eye lids were closed as I was sitting in the chair and I could see through them and look up at that bug. I also felt/knew that my body was [actual] laying just behind me in bed. I tried to stay calm because hey I love lucid dreaming and want to have them for longer periods of time... but meh the lucid dream ended pretty quickly.


2) Had another dream before that lucid one where there was a little girl who was a member of my family. Whether she was on Wieler or Tobey side I can't recall. She was nameless/non-existant-irl and that makes it easier for me to write about :-P. She was a cute little 9-12 year old blonde. I can't remember how I even got to talking with her but there was definitely some shit that happened before all this in the dream [that I now can't remember]. The part where my memory starts (even though I know there was a 'before') was when she said that her mom is/was dead and meh I just felt sad/sorry for her. The dream got kind of weird and paedophile'ish (OT: so glad I'm not ACTUALLY a pedo (have never, will never)... makes it a lot easier for me to write about this shit), but nothing sexually explicit happened. I think she may have still had a father, but if so he was a "figure in the other room" that I dont' remember actually seeing. So I mean basically I loved her. I... I don't... I don't know what words to write here because they'll sound all "evil" and bullshit like that. I replaced her mom, except not. I... eventually cuddled with her, and it was nice. It was an enjoyable dream. There was still the element of "oh I need to hide what I'm doing from X,Y,Z (various family members who do exist IRL, in addition to that possible 'father' element in the other room)"... but eh I never did anything THAT bad. There was just sort of an instant connection between her and I... taking place mostly with our eye contact... and I/we didn't say much to each other but I just kind of.. hung around... until our family members were away and we had our brief moment of cuddling... but something about the family memebers coming back or maybe I had to sneak out because of her father or I forget tbh it is a pretty blurry dream... but I enjoyed it. She lived up toward a ski lift. You go a little further than her house and the road wraps around to the left and after you do a 360 and are at the top of the mountain, it's the parking lot for the ski resort. I recall it being the ski place up by pinetop, but her house was way closer to the ski resort than my grandparent's is (pinetop). Also the roads didn't line up with that ski resorts.. even though they seemed like legit roads in the dream of course.


3)  This dream took place I think after the lucid dream and was disconnected and re-entered a few times idk how/why. My childhood friend Matt and I were walking around at some mall or fuck I don't know where... and there was a restaurant and I started wondering if it was a place where you needed to be a member or if it just was expensive. All that wondering made my dream take me into the restaurant (turned out it was just expensive). It felt like a real place but upon waking I couldn't think of where it was. VCC came to mind, as did "Table for Two". It was neither. It was fancy and outdoors and multi leveled horizontally. There was a spa/jacuzzi down at the bottom of the multiple levels (3 or 4 levels in total, each with dining on them). There may have been other spas on the other levels (and definitely a weird indoor one one 2nd floor I'll get to momentarily). We were supposed to "be changed" by the restaurant employees to go and use the spas. Since the hostesses were cute girls (they always are), I was relatively excited for this. Matt and I sat at our table waiting but noone ever came. Eventually a manager/server came and said something along the lines of "your changer person decided not to come for X reason" (i can't remember reason). I recall a waiting period and eventually finding out that it was a young boy who would be our changer (turns out, they matched genders damnit). I remember sensing that Matt didn't care it was a boy and was only excited to be changed/serviced in general... whereas my enthusiasm dwindled when I found out it was a boy. We waited a bit and somehow my dad entered into the dream. My dad and me and maybe matt too walked up to the second floor and into an enclosed room (one of the only (perhaps the cooking/etc was enclosed as well)). In there we found a group of people all in a spa (different from the one we would get into, had we "been changed"). I don't remember what my dad said but he found out which of the kids in the spa was the one that wasn't doing his duties and like lectured him and shit to do them. I remembered thinking "meh fuck it let him be" type shit... but yea the kid got out of the spa and hesitantly proceeded back to work. I don't remember actually being changed or anything but there's a huge gap here from what comes next (I think I may have had that lucid dream (1) in this gap).
Later there were some girls and me and my brother in the spa together. Well actually I don't think my brother enters into it yet but maybe he did idfk. Anyways I remembered going underwater and resting my head on the "seat" of the spa and like idfk that somehow had something to do with the girls. Maybe that was my way of getting their attention since I'm a shy fucking pussy and use stupid weird passive oddities like that to get attention [to get laid [to pass on my DNA]]. Well yea idk more blurry shit but a bit later we were getting into either a car or a space ship.. I wanna say space ship and it was like oval in shape... and err yea the girls were like bleh idk I was hitting on them but got resistance ya know? I remembered putting my hand down under their butts as they sat. It didn't piss them off COMPLETELY so I figured maybe I had a chance. They were giving my "bolder" brother more of the attention and I was just the pussy passive little brother. I felt kinda jealous I guess but I figured he would have to pass one of them up so I was in great shape :-P. Dream ended right around here.


4) Dream happened somewhere in the middle of (5) and was a few days ago (lol writing these in reverse order fuggit). I had like X-Ray vision and could see two images of two men's crotch regions from the side. One (top) was a heterosexual, the other (bottom) was a "latent homosexual" (just read that term while looking at my /b/ folder's "Info Library" and seeing a 'vision test' that was so obviously rigged (either that or I am a latent homosexual :-P)). The anal cavity of the heterosexual stretched into and through -- became a part of -- the [erect penis]. It was like "the testosterone is being properly channeled" or some such nonsense (can't remember the exact wording but eh that sounds good enough). For the homosexual, the anal cavity was drooping down and "missed" the [erect] penis. The testosterone was "missing". Well that about sums it up rofl.


5) It started off in a hospital setting but I don't really remember this part too well. I walked out into a city and onto a grass field. This is where I had the vision of (4).. or perhaps I saw the X-Ray on some kind of device, but there may have been other stuff/thoughts going on on the grass field... I stayed there for a while. Eventually and towards the end of my stay on the grass field I saw a guy get on a unicycle and start riding it on the sidewalk. He turned when he got to the corner and rode down yet another sidewalk that was next to my grass field. I thought he was going to kill me so I kept an eye on him at all times. I think I even non threateningly held my own hands out so he knew I wouldn't kill him too. There was something about a pay phone that I can't remember. So later back at the hospital there was someone in there, a family member though I'm not sure who (also not sure of gender!), and they were dying so yea I guess I go them to suck my dick as the doctors/nurses were in the other room. It was kind of a "why not" sort of thing. I remembered a hospital staff member knocking and I think I/we had to stop.


6) Had a dream which I sense took place right around the grassy field part of (5), but idfk may have been another dream/night so yea. Nick was in it but I don't remember talking to him too much. There was Intel, and they bought up a bicycle shop in a shopping center. The store was long left-right wise (took up as much as the entire shopping center 'leg'), but about as deep as a normal shopping center shop. I guess I was applying for a job and yea I knew my credentials wouldn't get me the job so I think I tried to rely on my witty personality (lol what witty personality???) or SOMETHING. I dunno but I don't think I was very confident in general. Meh fuck there was way more to this dream that I can't remember.