fact: the free market works because reality is cruel
people, in desparation for survival, dig through their brains to find a way to make it
it is how i got to where i am today
all i've been doing over the past few years is digging through my brain
the free market isn't ALL bad
it has results, and results count for a lot
but it doesn't deal with "reality is cruel" even the slightest bit
tax-based welfare cannot mathematically work

i am merely proposing a hybrid society where individuals are grouped together and all their problems disappear
they are given art tools and computer tools and they dig through their mind IN A RELAXING STATE to decide what they WANT to do
i believe this is the true key to unleashing our mind's creativity
stress-induced "ONLY DOING IT FOR THE MONEY" digging accomplishes very little (in the grand scheme of things + by comparison (nothing to compare to yet))
it should probably be an experiment of course and should be done over and over and over with incremental changes/improvements

dealing with incentive is the biggest issue
the "government" (computers) should be able to give you anything you request... within reason...
...but if you don't need money, what is your INCENTIVE to try?

the idea is "basic ammenities needed for a standard quality of life" are provided
this is called normalcy

we still need "cool things" and "toys" that people can earn
who will build them? idk. robots?
a person who invents a "new cool toy" should do so such that robots can do it automatically
he gets CREDIT, but now anybody with "credit" (for any creation. "PRIZE MONEY") can also buy that cool new toy?


the dividing line between "things given for free in normalcy" and "things requiring credit / prize money" will probably be the biggest challenge

it should also move as well?
idfk tbh


i know for a fact that 99.9999% of shit "jobs" around today can be automated by robots
that means we'll live to see the day where there's a 99.9999% unemployment rate if we don't change shit asep

IF YOU WANT TO SPIN A WHEEL WITH YOUR ARM TO GENERATE ELECTRICITY, YOU TOO CAN EARN 'CREDITS' FOR IT?
it's like a mockery task tbh


because it reflects the things people do in society today
so stupid