i'm feeling a really big urge to "go evil" right now. just because i know of what i am capable of and it sounds "fun".

INFINITE MULTIVERSE THEORY GO

if i do go evil, other instances are still good
fuck, -1
infinite multiverse theories mean i will get away with it (even frozing "committee") in at least one
-1 again...


gah i'm using IMT in the wrong sense
it's supposed to be telling me i can live infinitely
and my "percent everything is a scale balance wants against infinity etc" bullshit makes me contemplate SPORATICALLY different levels of "care" and "want"

i am merely trying on the idea

GO
let's write
fuck yea this is going to be interesting


ok so that triangular stack hard drive "life records" shit is the most secret material ever (PARANOID SCHIZOPHRENIA HERE I COME (lol typo wrote "am" (losercase (rofl) too) , but i can combat it by knowing it will probably come?)
i have to hide it
this is why a part of me wants libre mode
so there is nothing to hide
no paranoia
but yea anyways
that stack is created via the "drop robot" (computer drops onto him. the triangle stack is write-only. the robot is programmed to do it write-only and doesn't even have the required hardware to do reading :-P)
the PHYSICAL security of that output-only drop robot and the room with the backup stack is located in is of utmost (upmost?) importance
therefore there are motion-sensor cameras everywhere in the room
they need to be at least good enough to detect that "mission impossible 3" bullshit, which i'm not even sure is doable. i guess it certainly is possible "in the realm of physics", but i'm not sure it's doable now


just like encryption is a sliding window of protection
security has a sliding window of "what to protect against" given reality 2012

i guess you ultimately have to assume your adversary is a godlike entity?
*gulp*
maybe this is why religious people believe in god? security? it is a sense of mind security. it is called denial
if they operate with the assumption that they are being watched 24/7 BY GOD, they can sanely operate

i have identified it
this explains lots!!!!!!!!!!
that i am a human being and so are they
their brains jump to conclusions faster and cling to them and use denial to block out obstructing logic
mine searched for the answer for far too long and drove itself mad
but then realized it and thought it's way out of it
and i have coincidentally/accidentally/INTENTIONALLY stumbled upon this "libre mode" wherein we can get the same comfort (and added sanity because "everything makes sense" (even that which does not (our existence)))
we accept it and move on. the problem of "where did the tiny spec of matter that BECAME 'the big bang' come from?" is determined indeterminable and we simply move on
i think it's a crucial connection that i've made though. it will allow for a sort of "peace" between religious and atheist (agnostic atheist thank you very much)

damn i'm back in "good" mode :-P



BE EVIL FUCKER
being evil is all about keeping secrets
which requires SHIT FUCKING ASS LOADS of security: gg
but yea all that shit could be hidden and i could maintain the appearance of 100% by using toe tapping and i could control all kinds of robots pretty easily just with my toes and nobody would ever see. i could kill off my adversaries/enemies and get away with it fucking easy as shit

meh this idea sucks
sounds shit
too much paranoia and chance of jack and/or data deletion
if at any point during YOUR ENTIRE LIFE your "secret shit" is deciphered they can sneak into those (of course i'd have more than one. they'd be scattered around the globe and use tor to communicate with the outside world) places and then destroy/jack all of your data "overnight".
to be public (which has a requirement/dependency of being GOOD) is the only safe/sane way to not be afraid of jacked/delete