Applying copyleft principles to patents (both within usage and globally)

Applying copyleft principles to FREEDOM


Patents: Actually I think Google already does this with their VP8 patent grant, but I can't be sure (wouldn't that mean Nokia violates it if they use VP8 in any of their products?). So I mean the idea maximally is to say "you can use this patent grant if and only if you don't enforce ANY patents (unless they are enforced similar to this enforcement) on any other products". Applying such broad enforcement might not be do-able (BUT YOU GET TO MAKE THE TERMS! Isn't that what America is all about?). Or maybe it's only not enforceable so broadly if attempted to use in copyright system (since everything is "all rights reserved" by default -- whereas ideas are not patented by default).

The key, then, would be to try to find a patent that pretty much everybody needs in the coming era. Err by find a patent I really mean invent an.. invention... but finding/buying one would work too I suppose :).

I do contradict myself here as I state that nothing is or should be patentable... but seeing as patents are frequently granted/enforced I am able to change my point of view to THOSE FUCKING RETARDS and allow myself to contradict myself temporarily for the saking of copylefting a patent grant.


Re: "Isn't that what America is all about?"
Freedom should only be granted to any citizen with the explicit terms that they not remove any other citizen's freedom. As, they can't! Sure one could argue it would destroy individualization and probably many other cons that I've yet to think of... but... but... but... individualization is the very reason so many citizens' ("teh 99%") freedom is shat on: the 1% have the right to do it.

We live in such a fucked system and it would require drastic changes (GL WITH THAT). One worldwide government, one currency, one law granted equally to all humans and copyleft-esq-forced-not-removeable (by employers, namely (but lower levels of government tend to do the same thing (I covered this with one worldwide government methinks))). All controlled by the people. Fuck corruptable politicians. Outdated/vulnerable/corrupt/broken/shitty/smug/acting/evil/power-hungry/FUCK-YOU.

I think we'd then need to be much more careful about what laws are put into place. I mean hell we already should be careful but that's a fucking joke in this day and age.