Had a day the other day that summarizes life in it's entirety. It was on track to be the best day of my life until a freak accident ruined the mood. That truly is the essence of life: the best day and the worst day combined... and when everything is said and done, it's still there. Best Day | Worst Day = Day?

I'm going to stick only to the good parts, because a judge has advised me to remain silent on the other... and in our whacko justice system it's easy for an innocent man to be locked away. The prosecution cherry picks the facts and aligns them as falsity in order to give 'their target' the maximum punishment possible. It's the same way capitalism encourages blind greed. Lawyers don't care about pursing the truth, they only care about picking and choosing the facts that make their target look the worst. Hey you know that kind of reminds me of evolution itself... except Laywers do it to "keep the bad" and evolution does it to "keep the good".


So anyways, floating down the river I saw this red bird. Well, it was black but had a red neck. I have no idea what it was called, but I prefer to call it a red jay. (Later on (after certain thoughts) I saw an all red and shiny one... I think that one was a red robin?). So this red jay was looking directly at me and of course my security mind analyzed it and came to the conclusion that it COULD be remote controlled. I know this to be true because I can build it. It could be remote controlled with a video feed and a single shot (or multi who knows) gun inside of it. I felt as though, if it were remote controlled, it was signaling to me. The reason I got that feeling is because it, while remaining facing the exact opposite direction, kept it's tail pointed directly at me. As I floated down the river in my tube, the tail followed. Despite facing the opposite direction, I was still able to see his eye[s?].

So I came to a conclusion and was quite proud of it: Because an adversary can mimic nature 1:1 (in that case perhaps special tools could have detected the metal inside, but even this is thwartable), avoiding assassination [and going outside?] is impossible. As soon as I had that thought (and probably signaled to the bird via facial expression) the bird, and his friends, flew about the river. They put on a weird show and I am unable to describe what it meant now. Could have then though. Dragonflys mating landed on my arm numerous times and I felt good about not killing them, just shooshing them off. The point to that is: if you see an underling evolved and he's coming your direction and might cause you or himself harm, shoosh him off. Even if that involves the use of fear. Fear is not harm (of course beware of retaliation... which generally follows fear (justifiably so)).


That was really it. Now that it's written down it doesn't seem all that great, but I just felt so alive and in the moment... floating down the river with some friends... passing time and enjoying life.

There was a moment when we were going down [small] rapids and at first it was a little scary like: "aww shit our ice chest tube is going to flip" but then I realized: "meh, even if it did we aren't going to die". So I had a vector frame during those rapids where everything was just crystal clear and I just rode it and enjoyed it. I was staring off at some bushes as it happened. I love nature and need/want to go outside more. We build our houses as shelter from the weather but they end up keeping us from one another. The internet is re-connecting us in a weird [and corporate controlled (FUCK YOU GOOGLE)] way, but I still think we need [more] face to face interaction.

