in evolution, whatever is evolved that is superior becomes the new standard, the rest die off probably
if we took the same approach in computers, whoever owns the most popular computer software "company" (or just... THING. network?) owns the entire world
we currently do and it's even worse: we give them money. we work our lives just to give them money
being alive should be free
gratis and libre
robots can easily automate our living
100% of it
to be liberated ENTIRELY, we can being to "stop and have a think"
i am grateful to my parents for paying for my existence
it makes me completely liberated
i just don't have the nerve to talk [here]
i don't have the nerve to launch [here]
but to be fair, i didn't have the nerve to launch when i had a roommate, or even during the 3 months i launched alone
i mean to write "lived" alone
i definitely was set on a sort of "launch" when i loved alone
*lived.



TODOreq: \n human readable "compression" (example: {\n 7 times} , or something)




it's just a "known fact" that i need to live alone when i launch
i need to BE alone
output-only mode cannot be attained here
i definitely need to start in output-only mode
and i will stay in it for as long as i will it
i have dat-toggle-switch in my brain at all time
free will


so long as the modes are libre (and therefore public (though that might just be me?)), there is no fear of multiple personality disorder as you toggle between the modes. whether it is software/toggle-switch or in my brain is irrelevant. a tagging system works best of course. but the point is that since you are "aware you're being watched 24/7/365", you act THE SAME (regardless of the vulgarity toggle) overall. what i mean is that even in acting, you still represent a sort of person of yourself that IS yourself. lots of actors/writers have said that before (in different words). it is just that with certain OPT-IN/aware circumstances, you are actively shaping your output.


each person should have a "preferred steven"
THIS IS HOW REALITY ALREADY EXISTS
THE DIFFERENCE IS I WOULD BE PUTTING IT INTO SOFTWARE :-D
which makes "them" aware
which helps the bond/friendship grow
and raise their overall intelligence


but it should be opt-in [for me]
so it makes no sense
except for PAST friends whom i already have a "steven profile" created?


i opt-in to acting a certain way
i need to be myself by d3fault

i need to know that i am acting, and they need to know it too
it is the only way i can see myself "standing next to and communicating with" my own mother
she will take a peek and prefer the acting mode

i need to be able to speak to my mother
it is important to me
it isn't an actual need
it is a want that is big
feels-like a need

i should extract 'dat other girl [who looks just like my mom :-P]' and just consider "how i would ACT if i were communicating with my mom" when doing my vulgarity-meter-toggling (err i guess NOT a meter, just an booleon x-D)



i don't understand how/when i would do the toggling?
if/when someone requests it?
how does a complete stranger request it?
by requesting a communication channel?
DOES A COMPLETE STRANGER HAVE THAT PRIVELEDGE?
should i tell them if i am auto-rejecting/auto-ignoring them?
there's no way to force a peer to tell the truth in that matter
they can all accept-but-not-say-they-are-hiding-it-from-VIEW
this is what my approach will be
i don't want random ass fucking strangers attempting to communicate with me all day every day
it has to be because i will probably be somewhat famous and it will just happen "continuously" if i am not in that mode
the same concept applies to DMCA notices even though that's an entirely different subject


HOWEVER, if your "view" is broadcasted as well, they can know whether or not you are telling the truth on the matter
man i just owned myself
idiot.
what part doesn't make sense
i know SOMETHING doesn't make sense
but i can't pinpoint it
*re-reads*

i can't be in that approach
(THIS IS COINCIDENTALLY TO MY BENEFIT :-D)
i am either not accepting and truthful about it
or accepting and truthful about it

my broadcasting really flips the DMCA upside down on it's head
"pursuit of happiness" kthxbai
as long as i am not HINDERED from my pursuit of happiness i will not be forced to self defense, which is a prerequisite to killing myself because i don't want to live in a non-libre society