If I am "one" and everyone is a derivative/variation of me, then why am I such an asshole to a lot of people? Do I deem it helpful ("they just need the truth shoved down their throat"), or am I just an asshole by default (could have gotten that trait from my father)? Sure I claim to be a nice asshole and yea if you are able to sift through mere words, I really am nice... but that doesn't change the fact that to those who are unable to sift through mere words do get genuienly "YUPSET" (hi emz) when I say asshole-ish things to them (cry more faggots (<--see?)). I was thinking about this and I picked out Nick again as the perfect friend. I can say ANYTHING to him and he won't get offended/butthurt. We know the line not to cross: physical. If I smash in his windshield then he's going to get pissed, but if I call his girlfriend ugly he'll laugh with me. Most people aren't that headstrong, but [THEY SHOULD BE?!?!?? (purpose of this document is to try to figure that out)].

Meh I'm at a loss of words on the argument already. I know I could turn off being an asshole like a lightswitch but I don't know if I should (had:can/should). I know I've written about this before back in the "should I be vulgar?" stage, but now I'm more interested in the "why be mean to yourself (variations)?" argument. Is it just my sense of humor, since I really am nice underneath it all? If that's the case then I (had:you) should probably only use it around people that I know can handle it (not many). But guh doing that means I'm shaping myself TO THEM, aka reacting to environment. The easy bullshit answer is to say "hurr just be yourself (asshole)"... but then maybe me being an asshole is a reaction to my environment too (dad)???? Dic- Disconnect, Conscience in Void'ify, "How do you want to behave?" -> "Well what do you want to accomplish?" -> shit i've been here before xD

code,music,tshpienak[k](or:stphe(LOLWUTSTEPHEN?)iank[k], stpheiank, i like the sound of that, prounced: st-fian-k, or stefian-k, and of course stretching a bit to fit me bettar: steven k? (the question mark is part of it xD)

ok well anyways now that i've said what i want to accomplish, how does asshole behavior factor in. oh right it doesn't -_-. as a "manager" (code) your subordinates will like you better (and therefore work harder) if you treat them nicely. Music is either way: you can be an asshole or nice and you'll just attract different crowds. But stpheianking???? Well being an asshole increases your chances of getting shot, there's always that...


connect(&brain, SIGNAL(think(QByteArray)), &brain, SIGNAL(speak(QByteArray))); //or should &brain be 'this' <-- semantics ^_^



It's all the same: how much of myself am I willing to change in order to protect myself from systematic environmental destruction by adversary (had:entity) X? Blah.