My only sin/crime/NEGATIVE-CONNOTATION
1) I am not religious
2) It is not illegal
3) It is merely frowned upon
is promiscuity.

Paranoia gets the best of me. As you can tell from my obsession with infinity, I recognize mathematics for what they are. Anything is possible. So infinity can both be on my side and against me. In the case of promiscuity, it is against me. I should clarify that statement. In the case of promiscuity with relation to paranoia, it is against me. Worrying I'll catch something drives me insane. However, in the case of promiscuity with relation to *reality*, infinity has been on my side. To date, I have yet to test positive for a single STD.


I am starting to be more confident in the fact that I'm merely paranoid. That being said I should still take precaution (infinity will catch up and have it's day!). I've analyzed the numbers further (roughly) and have concluded that there is actually very little chance of me having an STD.


I think the reason it gets to me so much is because I am horny and/or masturbate so freaking much. If I had sex as often as I masturbated / wanted-to-have-sex, I'd surely have at least one STD. Being a loser is saving me from that fate. I have no social skills. I have no money. I don't go outside.


The people who are riddled with STDs "tend to be" in the hundreds or thousands of partners area. I am nowhere near there, but I do recognize that it only takes one.



I am not entirely accurate with that "My only" statement. Another crime (actual crime!) I have committed is the killing of a sheep. I feel much worse about this than I do about promiscuity, though I know people will give me more shit for promiscuity. It's simply human nature.



I want to be ok with my crimes/NEGATIVE-CONNOTATIONS. I cannot hide them from [myself | others]. I refuse to. I need to be in 100% mode (as close as possible, with all pulls away from 100% justified [by me! there is nobody else that can make the justification]. Drugs and Passwords will be the main things I will justify hiding. Drugs aren't worth going to prison for, Passwords can't be broadcasted lmfao. Of course I'll try to make it so even I don't know my own passwords... but I'm predicting there will be cases where that's just not possible) to fully enjoy what the LIBRE society/technology has given me.