Kaylee is merely... a more pleasant thought.
I don't know many people, let alone beautiful and good-willed women...

After a long day of sitting around and thinking about code and legality and infinity etc, I like to put my thoughts towards something more pleasant. She is my happy place. There are no painful or difficult thoughts that come from thinking about her. Actually 2 exceptions to that. A previously painful/annoying thought was: I WONDER IF SHE LIKES ME TOO? I found the answer to that :-D. And there is 1 difficult thought that still comes up to this day: she won't say anything to me or hang out with me :(. Oh well, I can't force her to do shit. Fuck it. For the most part, however, my dreams/fantasies/thoughts with her are incredibly pleasant. She makes me want to be a good person. For that reason alone, my fantasies are healthy. Fuck it. She also makes me want to live a less vulgar life... though debating that is actually kind of painful (ahah! another one! although ultimately it relates to infinity... so maybe not???). Still unsure on that front. I'm going to elaborate on it more here (didn't plan to) because I ran out of other things to say. She is pleasant and that's all I wanted to write.


Vulgarity
Is you
Is not you in fantasies


I both want and don't care for it
In the fantasies, I merely don't care for it


It is worth sacrificing. It IS NOT a sacrifice
It's like...
hhmmmm analogy mode engage!!!


*THINKS*



Drinking a different brand of beer (my tastebuds currently cannot differentiate between any)
Ditching one isn't a sacrifice if you can't tell the difference (don't care about the switch)

But... continuing to be vulgar is like...


sticking with what's familiar?

I was going to say it's like stickign with the cheaper beer... but then there'd actually be a sacrifice. Damnit this analogy sucks. I can't think of a perfect analogy, so I'll just describe it like it is:



a) I don't get her
	- Might as well be vulgar, fuck it, *flales about randomly*
b) I get her
	- Nothing of value was lost in not being vulgar


It's of importance to note that I would have to come clean to her about being a vulgar individual. It's up to HER whether or not I censor/shred the docs, but I refuse to lie about it. I can not and will not have a relationship based on even a single lie.




Me going cold turkey and being incredibly vulgar right at launch is my way of killing 'shame' with fire


FUCK, that is what the sacrifice is: being shameless

With her, I'd have to have shame....


hmmm....
suddenly I do feel less interest in being with her...


but I do still feel like I could be RELATIVELY SHAMELESS (partially impartial (output-only with input! (etc))) with her and be ok with it

I guess what I'm saying is: I would give up being shameless to be with her

Ridding myself of shame, as I've discovered recently, isn't as easy as it sounds anyways... It isn't a "cold turkey" process... though I can still HELP MYSELF MENTALLY by doing something incredibly shameful at launch


It's mostly nudity, that kind of vulgarity, that I'd have to give up on
I am pretty sure she doesn't care about curse words and I KNOW she wouldn't care about my random flaling about


Idk though, there's probably a limit to curse words

LIMIT DETECTED


ffffffffffuuuuuuuccccckkkkk
I can't have limits to speech. Unnacceptable. Unlivable.


So I'd only be willing to sacrifice on the nudity. I don't need the nudity at all.


Really can't remember if I've written about this before: a "pending action" passworded rar/zip, which is yet another selection/choice for LifeShaper input. Porn and shit goes in it... so that I can raise the dimmer light slowly... to give her a glance at "WHO I CAN BE"... who I AM WILLING TO BE... for her. I'd shred that pending action container in a fucking heartbeat, and refrain from future nudity...



Nudity really has nothing to do with me
who i am
my thoughts, my mission, my goal(s)
I can easily do without it
but a lot of what I do want to accomplish is FREEDOM based
and that's the reason for nudity. An exercise of freedom.
Oh I mean yea I'm also a pervert and love porn and nudity in general.
I guess that really just means I'm human? But eh probably into it more than others (OR JUST SUPPRESS IT LESS THAN OTHERS?)?



I want to give her a chance
...but I also don't want shame to eat me alive.


My fear: she'll reject me anyways and i'll be stuck in a shameful "mode" for her (perhaps in clinging thought that she'll change her mind, but that's optional) and unable to break out of it because i didn't go cold turkey on day one?





Fact: you'll be taken more seriously, by many more people ('family friendly' means kids etc can view your shit~) if you don't go with the vulgarity


Certain things I've made, such as that time I filmed my balls and said "there are future iterations of me in there" and you could like see my nuts "breathing"... are too fucking amazing.


I COULD HOWEVER, have my "stream" be.... "family friendly" by default

I'm not sure how the vulgar "mode" would work... because the "family friendly" stream would have to be turned off.... and that would mean I'm not broadcasting 24/7/365 (although I still am.. just now on a different 'channel'/stream)???

I could do a not-always-activated vulgar-mode-stream where I film my face and talk about programming but down below (not filmed/etc) I am gettnig sucked off (i often fantacize about this lmfao :-P)


and then the rest of my "vulgar" material is just a matter of separating from the "minddump" archive.... into a "minddump (18+ vulgar)" add-on archive...





this is just a matter of re-arranging material basically....



will the re-arranging alone increase my chances of Kaylee? I want to say yes.
And really since there's no shame (?????????? wait a minute... yes there is???) or deletion, there is no sacrifice?



that "add-on" is the same as the "pending action" archive described earlier. i could "sit on it" for a while... :-P... but then that's the thing: it will be hacked. supercomputers / quantum computers will hack that shit. UNLESS i don't distribute it... but fuck dude good luck with that because your shit is probably already copied in it's current form (no point of deleting anything really if you think about it :-/). i am ridiculously paranoid so that actually might not be true! however with my nobodyme stunt and others, it probably is :(.

the purpose of sitting on it is obviously to "raise the dimmer" to give kaylee yet another chance of accepting invitation~



I will accomplish lots.
But will I be happy?
Will I have love?




I understand love [enough]
I know I want love
It's a great fucking feeling
Drugs cannot simulate




Is the pursuit of love worth potentially living shamefully (without need) for the rest of my life?
I was inclined to stop that sentence right after "worth"

Don't they say love is worth everything?
Don't they?
Do I, is the question I should be asking...


"You'll do anything for love"


EITHER I AM NOT COMMITTED ENOUGH / IN LIVE
OR
This is why I can't stop thinking about her, I just haven't realized YET that I will do anything for her....



considering I _WAS_ willing to not launch etc for her.. was willing to give up my dreams for her.... doesn't that mean I'd do anything for her?
OR was it just that she was the easy way out? A pleasant thought? Both?

I say "_WAS_" because right now there's nothing stopping me from launching. I have to launch to earn her. I am nobody/nothing in her eyes, I see that now.

The vulgarity, however, is entirely optional...

It definitely isn't "necessary"..
..but then again nothing really is

I could sit here as a totem pole for the rest of my life...

It's SORT-OF a matter of living "full blast"
It's just that without-vulgarity, I can live "full-blast-enough"...

Or at least I keep telling myself that...


BTW: "Raising the dimmer" doesn't solve anything relating to gold diggers. I am definitely only talking about Kaylee right now. Not the "good brunnette"



WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU _WANT_
is all it boils down to
yes you WANT to inquire with her and ask her what you should do (i would have asked quite early on if she wanted a relationship with me)
but you can't force her into speaking with you
you also are hugely underestimating the prerequisite knowledge for making such a determination

should i just randomly ask her: should i be vulgar?


like a Y / N (circle one) note slipped to her...

i should probably provide the obligatory "DON'T CARE" response.. because she really might

a "DON'T CARE" is, or at least probably should be... the final turn down. Give up on her after that. Love is two ways, one way love is just painful.

A "Y" is a weird response. I doubt she'd say it, but MAYBE??? It would also mean that she MAY OR MAY NOT (with 'probability' leaning towards 'may not') be interested

A "N" is the best message, because it shows she cares how I act!!! I mean so does "Y", but the "N" has probability leaning towards her actually liking me!!!!!!!!!!!



What would the header/question include?


"How should I act?" alone... or with some lines above it such as: "I've been wanting to ask you this for a long ass time" and/or "I am going to be big (lol and arrogant)"??????

How should I behave?
Should I be vulgar?

Should I differentiate nudity and cussing?


Do I realize that the more I add to it, the less likely she is to respond at all? Yes




Sample:


I am going to have a public image,
Should I be vulgar?

Nudity:  Y | N | DONT-CARE
Cussing: Y | N | DONT-CARE

kthxbye


KISS

i think the two questions might be a bit much...



man that's fucking perfect
I'm going to slip her that note on christmas (or whenever i see her next (assuming she has a place to go privately to fill it out))

might as well

i just added the "Your opinion matters" line just now... i guess it's optional really. it's sort of implied lol. yea fuck it taking it out. Here's what it WAS: Your opinion matters to me for some reason,\nkthxbye

The less, the better


What are other forms of vulgarity?
I guess graphic descriptions of genetalia or fecal matter etc? Like "gross" talk/descriptions in general... but idk a 1-word to sum that up except "vulgar" itself!



Her selecting "DONT-CARE" might also be an indicator of her being an overall accepting person! She might still like me, want me to decide for myself*******, but then be lol turned off after the extreme vulgarity of it all.

I like transexuals.



Gah maybe I should just forget her altogether....
CAN'T
FUCKING CAN'T
I LOVE HER
or at least, i think i do
AND SINCE I THINK THEREFORE I AM
i love her.



blah~!@

at least i've logicked into realizing that such a note would be worthless.

i just wish...

..i wish she was here and was reading and had read all my shit... and was sitting next to me and could tell me what to do
or at least... suggest what to do ;-)
i don't like bitchy demanding persons (and from what i can tell, she isn't one :-D)




PERHAPS
perhaps since now that you've elaborated on Abc as a file hosting service with Freenet backups and have figured out the LIBRE-ONLY'ness of it... you can and should separate the abc-launch and self-launch again?

IT IS A FORM OF "RAISING THE DIMMER" but without her actually seeing me at all...
If I can win her by money: FINE!!!
I will then, in private, show her who I am... and we can selectively censor together! SHE CAN HELP ME MAXIMIZE MY IMAGE / EFFECT. I think, and I've said this before, that we'd be powerful together.


I feel tempted these past few weeks/months etc to just send her a text message saying nothing but: "Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation"
rofl. I think she'd "get it"... but she probably wouldn't respond and i probably wouldn't win her over any... bah. i need to stop bugging her, that's for sure...



whatever, in any case: the short term goal is still ABC... so fuck it.... i can continue to think about this subject as i get closer and closer to it


the problem of "indefinitely maintaining abc" and never getting around to launching is definitely still an issue
and fuck, so is public/private in general (though i THINK i'm pretty dead-set on public... i contradict myself daily)



WHY
WON'T
SHE
SPEAK
TO
ME
AND
HANG
OUT
WITH
ME


AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
:-)
i'm not THAT upset
but it would definitely... ease the deciding process (or maybe not)...

ima lol so hard if i get to know her and realize i don't even like her
"the fantasy was better" xD
i should probably be pissed instead of lolling because i wasted so much time/thought/energy on her :-P
but eh i rarely get angry...



all of my decisions and thinking lately are all basically: "maximizing LIFE (the ENJOYING of it, not long-term surviving kind)"
infinity = maximizing LIFE
legality = maximizing LIFE (because fuck prison or paying fines etc)
code/technical stuff = meh idfk. it's just code. snore imo
kaylee/love = maximizing LIFE



i'm glad to say i've been thinking about kaylee less lately
probably because thinking of her doesn't do jack diddly shit. guh i wish we could be friends and talk and stuff, but oh well. i bet if i did have her as a friend i wouldn't even talk to her that much because i don't talk to any of my friends that much in this day and age

would i REALLY trust kaylee?
i want to say yes
but i doubt i would
i mean, i certainly WOULD NOT over the phone etc...
and i'd tell her i didn't and explain why
but would i trust her otherwise? overall?
that actually remains to be determined

CLEARLY I _WANT_ TO




Fact: living a less vulgar life (or just flaling about... less... basically just throwing insults at people left and right and generally not giving a shit... less) will decrease your chances of assassination!

It isn't a matter of "blending in" in the hiding sense... it's just a matter of "keeping offensive stuff" to yourself (AKA CENSORING YOURSELF..... FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUU)

so it IS a matter of hiding... even though you can easily live without throwing out insults too? this no longer has to do with kaylee but now is entirely about avoiding assassination...


god damnit
infinite multiverse theory plays a role in way too many places... it makes deciding ANYTHING difficult if not impossible :(