There is a special consideration with relation to Infinite Multiverse theory that, from a 3rd person perspective, provides "evidence" of it not working. It is entirely misleading, and could even form the foundation of all of my own doubt. Essentially, infinite multiverse theory is only ever proven true in the first person perspective.

Your starting point, the "time" in the "bang instance" where you are born, is entirely random. You could have just as easily been born as the first human (ignorining the gradual evolution from monkey), or even the last before the "collapse".

If any one of your peers attempts to pursue infinite multiverse theory "immortality" (for lack of a better word), they will die. It is only from your perspective that they are dead. In other "bang instances", they managed to live.


Since they are playing the odds of infinity, it is very likely that you see them die waaaaay before you see them "make it far". Even still, if you do see someone "make it far", you chalk it up to good luck and the like.



When you traverse infinity, you leave behind a trail of deaths. Your peers see you die in every which way, but somehow you always manage to live in at least one (read: infinite) other "bang instances".


I will not call them universes because that implies space. I will not call them multiverses because that implies simultaneous erection (and/or space). I am only confident in infinite time because I cannot conceive of either a beginning or an end to it (space I can conceive of "emptiness" beyond our "universe" (though I make no claim of such emptiness! I'm only stating that I am more confident that time is infinite than I am that there are other universes beyond and out of sight of our own)).



All that is required for infinite multiverse theory to be true is infinite time. The same exact conscience re-emerges and a slight variation in each "bang instance" allows them to live.




There is no scientific proof for this. Even if you manage to do it, there will always be lingering doubt in your mind: am I just lucky?




Counter-Argument: Why don't I just go and play the lottery? Won't I be guaranteed to win?


Counter-Counter-Argument (psbly fail): No because losing does not invoke death. It does not mean you cease to exist. You can only 'move to another "bang instance" variation' when you cease to exist. So long as you exist, you continue to build upon your conscience that must later re-emerge. In other words, the longer you do nothing, the more time you waste. That is common sense. Still, it seems foolish to charge towards actions which would "iffily" invite death. There doesn't have to be a large chance of survival, but I'm not brave enough [yet?] to try the 6 bullets in revolver test. Forging ahead with "life" things... whether political or business ventures and the like... even if ridiculously risky (though they should still be well planned)... is more likely to work. I don't have a proof or a reason, except that I think putting 6 bullets in a revolver and pulling the trigger 6 times in a row is ridiculously stupid. Is that not proof enough?





Blah I've successfully managed to raise yet more doubt, even though the purpose of this document was to help eliminate it. The main item that should be highlighted is the fact that forging through bang instances goes unknown to peers... and since every action that everybody else does is a peer, someone else attempting it and succeeding goes unknown to you!!!!




It is likely that we are all born into "idle" bang instances, where each member (peer) of it is either idle or dead. I can't back this up with a mathematical thingy-ma-jig (pro as fuck), but it just somehow makes sense. Invoking Calculus (what little knowledge I have), the limit approaches zero as some bullshit approaches infinity. Relative to all the bang instances, there are very few (though still infinite!) where a being has successfully utilized infinite multiverse theory to [somehow, which is ENTIRELY subjective (arbitrary)] get ahead. Ben Hur, Lawrence of Arabia, etc. Yes those are fiction (rite?) but they are "heros" that have done precisely what I describe. There are actual heros that fall under this category, I just can't name them (I am dumb).



So even though I am afraid of death, I shouldn't be. I will be killed but it doesn't matter. I have said this numerous times before, but I've never been so confident in it (which actually makes me more afraid!). This higher level of confidence stems ONLY/directly from my high level of confidence that time is infinite, and my deductive reasoning from that fact(?).

That in combination with "to idle [only] is to waste" really settles it for me though. I need to at least peak death's interest! But don't just sit around waiting for it and expecting it. Put it out of mind while still expecting it. Oh, there you are old friend. "You do not exist in another bang instance" (-me). Forge ahead with whatever you task yourself with. If you sit and wait for death, it will come. That is guaranteed regardless of infinite multiverse theory: every bang instance collapses.

Am I stupid for believing myself indefinite already? Only time will tell.
^^^Aside: I will appear stupid in a great many bang instances because I will die during my life in tons of them (relating to what I'm explaining about seeing peers etc)

Are there any others like me (aside from those who are JUST ABOUT to be frozen, of course)? Any with still the bulk of their pre-frozing life ahead of them?