s/act/behave. "behavior modification". we all must BEHAVE a specific way (unless you are motionless (in which case, THAT is your behavior so hahaha even still)). elaborate on confusing similarities and vast differences.

i have discussed in the past how i want to "act" and have concluded "i don't want to act!"... but that was ambiguious with behave and movie-acting.

there are two kinds of acting: behaving and movie-acting

even behaving can be misinterpretted. "behave yourself" means "behave in a manner which is good/acceptable".

but reading that psychology book a bit ago about behavior modification makes me certain that "behave" is a better term than "act".

so the question isn't "how should i act" or "should i act?"... but "how will i behave?"

and also: "what behavioral modifications will i choose to inflict upon myself (using negative/positive reinforcement etc)?"

i CAN shape myself... whereas right now i'm just a fucking sludge of stupid/smart intertwining. who do i WANT to be? i CAN make myself that person.

shock therapy sounds fun to be honest (self induced of course).




still the question remains and i don't yet have an answer. i am fucking senselessly flaling... which is weird because i've even stated that that's exactly what i want to do! i guess i've changed my mind?

i now feel that senselessly flaling is a waste of life because it accomplishes nothing. to set a goal (or a "master", to quote that cleopatra movie) is the only way to really go from a to b. to senselessly flale is to stand in place and spin in circles. it is to do nothing.

...but then i also remember that there is nothing to do! there aren't any divine goals set for us humans to pursue. we must make our own.

i think now that i want to set a master, even if it's artificial.


i am bouncing back and forth between:
a) sociopathically manipulating kaylee by BEING A GOOD FUCKING PERSON by improving the average human IQ
b) improving the average human IQ

whether i delude myself into thinking i'm doing it to "win" the love of kaylee or not is irrelevant as the "master"/goal is the same in either case (actually it isn't, but the MEANS is the same is what i mean)!

i could of course randomly make up some (c)/etc objective and throw myself towards that... but don't know at the moment what that could possibly be.

i'm digressing a tiny bit. this is about the differences between acting and behavior. actually fuck it i've pretty much covered it. so i guess now i've run out of things to say...



increasing average iq is a "noble" and endless cause. i will never reach the goal and i will never run out of things to do. i will also probably have a healthy subconscious, which is definitely a prerequisite for whatever i set as my master.