Here are my options:
(a) Do not interact with others ('in a brainwash-free freedom-of-speech zone' is implied, because that's all I want)
(b) Be potentially brainwashed
(c) Potentially infrige copyright (by proxy (not being DMCA compliant for user-submitted content))

(a) and (b) are terrible options. (c) has it's cons I admit, but is the less evil of the 3. All I have to do is convince 4/7 supreme court judges that (c) is the less evil of the 3. That can be done actually. Woot.


Am I noob? Is that the whole point of the judicial system? I'm confused, I thought the judicial system was to simply handle enforcement of law. What does 'the supreme court and their ability to declare a law unjust and ignore it' fall under? Certainly not 'enforcement'. On one hand it doesn't fall under enforcement, on the other I'm pretty sure the Supreme Court does have that power. I need to brush up on my US Government 101 soundslike.

So eh, THIS system isn't soooo bad:
-General populace make whaver law they want
-Supreme Court can declare any law they want unjust

The Supreme Court judges, then, are the ultimate processors of logic. It's just a shame there are so few of them. Yea I know the court system uses tiers, but eh most of the non-Supreme-Court tiers simply 'enforce law' or 'pass the buck [up]'... which isn't effective use of the tier system in the first place (it saves some time, sure... but not as much as it could/should).

So when you go to court, don't say "Not Guilty!".... say "I am guilty of an unjust law, and I am in the process of appealing it ot the Supreme Court" (perhaps you should word it differently so a lawyer/judge doesn't truncate your response at 'I am guilty-' LoL. Maybe just "The law itself is unjust, your honor" (actually tbh at this point a lawyer better be talking FOR you otherwise you're doomed to failure (sup ACLU (I can predict the future (eh maybe not since I'm so politically ugly (but then again, they have little/no reason to give a shit about that <3))))))


So I'm choosing (c), then (inb4 'planning to infringe copyright' lelel ;-P). Because (a) and (b) are both terrible options.
I know I wrote about this court case YEARS ago, but it looks like it's become time to happen.