I'm in touch with the killer in me (akin to being in touch with your feminine side), and proud of it. I keep him in a jar and let him out only when fantacizing. I let him out only when I'm ABSOLUTELY 100% CERTAIN that 'this' is NOT reality (lucid dreams, tripping balls, simple daydreaming, etc). Honestly killing isn't as fun as I thought it would be. I've never ACTUALLY done it, but I've done it in so many close-to-realistic visualizations that it kind of feels like I've done it. There's an eery nothingness to it that I didn't expect. Black screen. You get the drop on someone and they don't even see it coming... a tiny thud (if using silencer or crossbow/etc) and it's over. The rest is just you and your conscience having to live with it. I'm glad I've never actually killed someone because I know my conscience would rape the shit out of me and I'd likely kill myself just to escape it's torment. As I've said before long ago, I am my own judge, jury, and executioner. The nuke dream and the electrocution maybe-deaths gave me the first person perspective of death to compliment the third person point of view. Death has been on my mind a lot lately. The nothing'ness behind it makes me simultaneously fear it more and less. More because I fear not existing (WHY?), and less because there's nothing at all to fear about non-existence (THAT'S WHY!). To finish off this paragraph, I'll restate that my fear of death is genetically inscribed in my DNA, and I have to continue to try to use logic to ignore those fear Q_SIGNALS that my body raises.

I want to get a bunch of those baseball pitcher throwing things that you attach to the ground and it's a ball with a rubber cord on it... except instead of a baseball I want to attach it to each of my limbs. I want to use inescapable software-timer locks around my wrists/ankles so that I am incapable of hurting myself or others (whether in a padded room or outside is irrelevant at this point). That's how I want to trip fucking balls (and of course audio/video recording). Would of course need tons of failsafes (including human intervention as last resorts) and I dread the universe where I'm stuck in one indefinitely, heh.

I am so strong and I want to use that strength unrestrained. I, like many, fear my own strength... but I want to devise devices (wat) to allow me to comfortably/confidently use it unrestrained (I think that while lucid dreaming or tripping balls while hooked up to such device, it would still take a lot of mental practice for me to be able to remember that my LITERAL self is attached to such device and to then allow myself to.... uhhh.... lose controL? I guess yes that's the right word: I want to lose control. I hold myself back so fucking much it's depressing. But I have to. I have to hold myself back otherwise I'll hurt myself or others (not necessarily though! tools can be created!)).

Of course there's even the worry that my timer will end and I'll be unlocked but will somehow deduce that I'm dreaming/tripping and will let loose IRL. Basically I need to make sure to spend ample amount of time between being locked and unlocked so that I can always differentiate the two. This does remind me of an auto-dosing drug machine (similar concept, but keeping me tripping balls instead of keeping me restrained (and of course, both would be fun :-P)): both REQUIRE ample time "out" of them, otherwise you'd forget reality entirely (that's what this reality is ;-P, I'm just stuck in one of those machines and can't get out xD and can't even remember what out is (repeat ad infinium (go I bravely as usual into the next child recursion)))