in my bios says to fear death but my userland/kernel seem to agree that infinite multiverse theory is true. my bios can interrupt my userland/kernel at any time (had: "tm"), obviously. but i can

i forget

but i'll write what first comes to mind:

didn't mean to write i
ovivoublslyl



i can vower

i can overwrite it on long term will
not wusure i meant to type that for the 
the correction (were there more than one?)

i guess  a "but" el
belongs in there
i keep using inter insetead of butterfly.
backspace
roflroflroflroflmeantokhitentertherezomghighasfuckchillenroflroflroflroflthisishwhatido


editing a minute later: i fif id odn't save this, err, i amean the timestamp? tfuck so high and feel werid as fuck tbh
but great at the same time.
aww.shit.that.was.supposed.to.whryujm.and.i.fucke.di.it.up
the whatido and d2
ohi iguesssssssss the word editting clarrifyings that but there was something else i was going to say here
it.came.right.behind.theprevious.commit.and.was.contextually.remembered.at.the.reconstruction oh this isn't a filename thingo ahh ok fuck me i will make  a better auto sving editor for fucks sake i've been wanting one for so fucking long

ok but wait.
oHWNSNT

fUFKCKFUFUksdkf
dependency error

fhchososoe whichs hashs the sdpfpriotityr over the other
am i going to break my brain 9EN :: (mean err brean)backspaced and reentered the close parenthesis.

an
a
s
simple notepad autosaver in plaintext would be a fucking breeze

simple notepad autoasaver using a back up oslution i trust (and cosded myself (i guess i trust git))of a dht where 3 is my knee

that's like throwing a f ootball really far and knowing someone in the or near the inzone would catch and the {{backspaced the space here)

i need to code it, yes,but i think i can afford to take the auto
the simple notepad autosaver in plaintext wherea fulename is gneerate dfor me using Qt's implementation fo it 9the no-ovwerting

and hopefully backflip recording

tangent: i want o theo deviging born today (born (had:bron(maybe i acciendantlyl typed born twice but then wrote l the rest of the sentence out which was a new for me and then tried to cme back remembering. the obvious answer is board, but i don't think that was what i had typed for what would have tbeen the third occurance. yea idk if it was bron but holy shit i am high sas fucking balls seriously)) was written intentionally)