"you know, the most important thing for me is to spread my knowledge"
me in a future state of this instance (mfw wrote that) talking to my parents about why i chose DPL instead of All Rights Reserved

i want to put my mind into something. i want to be a contributing human being. communications is my specialty/hobby/pasttime. i do it on a Qt/C++ level and i love it (yes david, i truly do love it). doing that under all rights reserved means i hold private copies and try to not get them leaked. it also is probably required to show movies at the typical theaters or to be able to show movies shown at the typical theaters (isn't that like anti-trust or some shit?), you have to be "one of them" (all rights reserved == hollywood (lol and etc ofc inb4 illuminati)).

i need to be confident that my expressions have been shared and replicated so that stealings (modification-and/(wondered-whether-to-put-that-slash-there-had-it-backspaced-even-but-fuckit)-distribution-of-library-without-compliance) of them are noticed

offline/physical - [eh whatever deciedes goes here], but at the very least a copy of wasdf.com lmfao (wasdf.com will be submitted from it (using secure outputting means))
dpl - wasdf.com/d3fault
freenet - copy of wasdf.com and whatever else publically released (publically released is defined as files that i allow on my network that i also share when requested (under compliance and condition of the dpl))

i stake claim in one in a way not legally possible under "all rights reserved" conditions. i will always have a copy of it once it reaches my network!
i stake claim in them because they modify me! fuck you! i own you now for analysis! it is my human right to record and/or otherwise machine-helpingly-SAVE my life experiences. i am a man who lives in an operating system that has social functionality built in. my brain is the operating system (because it has no other outputs (aside from these pre-day outputs)) and all inputs modify it in a way executing /dev/random would -- except if it were naturally selected a few billion years

each one has > 3 replications and i think at any point i can have at most access to 2 of those at the same time (i actually have no idea what i mean by that 2, but felt compelled to write it anyways)