Life is "lucid dream", as in "lucid" but also "not lucid". This also accidentally relates to the next doc, so I'll put it in here. I was trying to talk to my subconscience directly in my thoughts last night, asking it to let me have a lucid dream where (I guess this would just be a reminder for myself (keep reading)): I am in a sand dune desert and I walk up to an old dead/barely-alive tree and I walk around it and on the other side of it is a mirror that I look into (looking inside would hopefully show something cool). As I told my subconscience that yes, he (it?) is probably moreso in control of me than I am, to me it appears and feels like I am. Yada yada please let me have that lucid dream yada yada. Mind you, these were thoughts... not spoken (I sometimes theorize the subconscience has access to our "ears" so anything we speak can be "heard" (or even seen  via eyes (dreams use imagery, after all)), but merely thinking a thought doens't "cross the boundary"). Well anyways it didn't take me long before realizing the error my ways: I was complimenting his master artistry, and then asking him to submit control of his artistic abilities (dream making) over to me! Hypocritical. It made me think/realize the parrallel this has with the real world: we are "lucid" because we are in control of ourselves, but we are "dreaming" because there is so much chaos in our environment that we do NOT have control over. We are lucid && we are dreaming, is how it should read... but some might still get confused and think of it as "lucid dreaming" read together (perhaps new wording should be created (had:invented) to unambiguate?).

It's a funny similarity, PROBABLY(???) nothing more:
1) Subconscious, Environment, Huge impact on our lives and out of our control
2) Conscience, Conscience, Huge impact on our lives and in our control

I was surprised to see the word conscience their twice... but it makes sense. And I felt compelled to write "little impact" for (2), but that's not so! Both have a huge impact, and tbh I am contradicting myself over and over trying to determine whether my environment has a bigger impact than I do. I keep switching sides. As for the subconscience vs. conscience, I am unable to conclude anything at all.


next:
99.9999% environment, 0.00001% us
grandpa & environment makes me

This one is more focused on environment than subconscience. I was looking at a picture of my Grandpa and, while trying to determine what to do with my "project(s)" (life), I thought: What would he do? I then dismissed the question because he is a noob (seriously, guy didn't even know how to turn on a computer (but I think that was more just a running joke. he probably never tried)). I then asked myself: ok, what if he had all the information I had? WELL THEN HE'D BE ME! I tried to think of what differentiates human to human and of course aside from your experiences (information received), DNA was one thing that "sets the limits (or capabilities if you are a glass half full kinda guy)". What was just said about DNA vs. Environment ALSO matches the percentages given (99.999 ...), but is not the main point I'm trying to make. I'm trying to say that, by default, we are 99.9999% environmental reactions. Our control and free will make up ".00001%" (of course these are blind guesses to paint a picture/graph). It is VERY hard to break free for the environment. In ALMOST ALL CIRCUMSTANCES, every other human being would do exactly the same thing you would do, given the exact same environment/experiences. One way to add some chaos into the mix is to flip coins and to do things that way: but still, whatever tasks you asign to each side will remain the same... AND if you want to get really into it: the "environment" up until the coin leaving your finger SHOULD be similar to the point that the coin lands the same (no idea whether this is true or not (false (had:true) = RNGs exist)). I'll repeat myself now: the only way to grow that .00001% of YOU is to take a snapshot of knowledge from the environment (aka: _GET_ smart first) and then to disconnect and to say FUCK OFF, STOP MAKING ME MERELY REACT TO YOU [environment (which, in all honesty, MOSTLY means other humans (a tree doesn't influence my decisions very much (but sure, still does)))... and to give yourself some time alone to reflect on who YOU are and WHAT you are (ego death should occur and you realize you are nobody and have done nothing)..... and finally you can decide what you want to do (you have to accept that it is arbitrary/pointless/for-fun... and that's all there is to life (but be good so that you have numbers (GENERALLY, the guys with the guns) on your side)). Tripping balls is optional, but highly recommended. I would go so far as to say that if you DON'T trip balls, then having a job of any kind won't allow you to disconnect long enough for the inward search to even begin. Tripping balls means you can do it on a Friday night and have Saturday/Sunday to recuperate/reflect-on-the-experience and be ready to go into work on Monday (despite having a new dislike for it (seeing through it)). I did not take the no-drugs way, but I'd imagine you need months of alone time to even begin to look inward. And hell, maybe you do need drugs, what the fuck do I know? I just know that it wouldn't be "impossible within the laws of physics" to reach a particular "state of mind". But MAYBE: it's improbable for a human brain to reach certain trains of thoughts in the typical duration of their life (80-100 years) without the help of certifiably psychotic psychoactives (C++). FUck yea I love that acronym thingo I just came up with <3.

Semi-OT: Kernel access (drugs) may be dangerous, but it's FOOLISH to say that no one is allowed to access it! How do we expect to improve ourselves (computers) if we can't study our own inner workings (it is illegal)? In Silicon Computers terms: Yes, the overwhelming vast majority of users should say out of the kernel and in userland.... but some minds are born to dig through, modify, and create, kernel code. I am the Linus Torvalds of the brain (funny, I always consider myself a high level / application developer in silicon coding... and have never touched nor intend to ever touch... kernel code).

Scarier:
1) Some brains crash/fry because of kernel crashes
2) We hit the upper limit of intelligence and do not progress enough as a species to GET OFF THIS FUCKING ROCK before the sun explodes


All in all though, I'm not offering up any solutions to the problem: "who to allow to do psychedellics". All I'm doing, like a whiny little bitch, is saying: I HAVE DONE DRUGS AND MY BRAIN DID NOT CRASH AND HOLY SHIT I LOVE WHAT THEY HAVE DONE TO ME (OR, WHAT I HAVE DONE TO MYSELF). Should programming knowledge (aka Logic) be a prerequisite? Should a certain IQ be a prerequisite? I can say to both of those: NO. Intelligence is difficult, and maybe impossible (ex: AI problem not clearly defined (though it is to me)), to quantify. The very idea of "only certain brains should be allowed to trip balls" is hard to swallow...... maybe it should read "all brains can trip balls, but only after they've reached a certain level of intelligence". Still doesn't help, because the "certain level of intelligence" required would be defined by "other" brains (PRESUMABLY ONES THAT HAVE TRIPPED BALLS, BUT IN THIS FUCKING US&A 2013 REALITY, IT IS NOT THE CASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)... which turns the sentence back into "not all brains are allowed to trip balls". MIND CONTROL aka INFORMATION CONTROL = EVIL. Yet, giving joe the porn surfer in userland access to kernel... would likley result in GIGO. It is most likely how religion was created (had:invented) (shrooms date waaaaaaaaaay back yo, and could have accidentally been eaten (and then there's DMT -- everywhere)).

What is _A_ solution? Not necessarily the best one, but _A_ solution is to treat it like the age of consent: pick a fucking number that is a tad bit higher than it should be, just to be on the safe side. A number in what, though? Age? IQ? Some special logic/reasoning test score devised solely for psychoactive drug applicants? Blah.

All I know is that I am not evil and though I may be dabbling in things declared/defined as illegal, I want the right for me, and other humans of intelligence, to dabble in it.

Evolution is a process of trial and error. You do not get successful results without many many failures.


Another thing: there are many interpretations of the 99.9999% environment, 0.00001% "me" thing... but the one I originally meant to illustrate (closed and re-opened this doc) was: our CONSCIENCE, our LogicOS, the mother fucking PHYSICAL electricaly while(true) loop in our brain.... makes up .00001% of us (and that's probably a low estimate (as in, we are less %) too). Of our environment, which includes our "body" (everything except the electric signals which make up the while(true) loop (whether to include CNS is up to other scientists, idfk)).