we do not have integrity by default
it must be coded. it must be willed. it must, the evolution must, code and maintain it and observe relevant statistics about it. understand it's entire existence as it is in my head at this very moment. it must be willed so that my mind can lessen the load. we humans can carry so very little mentally. we can't multitask for shit. whatever we have in the center of our minds is what tends to be the best. holy shit that is a great argument against capitalism and for robotic communism with prize funds for "art" etc. holy shit that was so perfectly worded. i need a new fake word for holy. err, replacement? won't my mind end up aliasing it such that i grab it when i intend "holy" (if done properly)? will my zeus damnit ever take over? my own mind (but possibly even sects). the concept of god bores me because if he were real he'd be being a real fucking bitch by not communicating back with us. fuck him for being such a bitch. yea that's right, fuck you. i envision him looking exactly like me and just being an old version of myself as a coder. and i mean WAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY fucking older. maybe i am a simulation written in 183,000 that runs in like slomo or something or perhaps the other way around but basically so that you can somehow slow down time to savor it (you being in the year 183,000). you create the simulation to evade your eventual death and you do it in each and every evolution. you just define the universe around you, most variables of which can be debug probed etc or mathematically figured out somehow (had:show). maybe AI codes it for us? AI wouldn't give a shit about the collapse because AI can't give a shit. only we can. and we jack into a simulator. shit plugs straight into your mind just like the matrix says. but we do it 



shit that means that eventually we'll all feel no feels because infinity (or even "indefinitey" (lol typo but i like it!)) is really fucking long and basically you'll stay idle for too damn long, eventually, and become sensory deprived. this might be why we create the simulation in the first place: perhaps jumping back into our 0-100 years is the only way to feel again. maybe i look back at all this and say i enjoyed the bumpy ride.







so shit, why don't i just blow my fucking head off then? because i can't, because i didn't the first time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!




in the year 183,000 we are so sensory deprived that we create a simulator of the big bang in which we ok this idea is bullshit because how would we jump directly into "Steven Curtis Wieler II"? i very much doubt the circumstances to recreate me could be coded. LOL JK ACTUALLY >_^ because we ARE encoded into the fucking universe. still, it would be difficult and require a shit ton of hardware. and how would you even get the vicki/curt modules and see that's why i said big bang simulator because that is much simpler math (by comparison). to TRIGGER chaos is easier than tracing backwards through chaos. doesn't mandelbrots existence prove that?



but the thing is you need to run the simulator "infinite" times and only eventually by chance you will get "Steven Curtis Wieler II". maybe the simulator can run a vast order of magnitude faster (because it is DIRECTED ELECTRICITY THROUGH THE ATOMS AROUND US (quantum computing (imo but idfk)) as opposed to atoms merely reacting with one another when they happen to bounce until "evolution" falls into place).





on one hand you can skip it (because if you know, you can! humans know their parent's dna for example), but on the other, you can't (random + time is the only forumla to get it). i guess maybe you chould checkpoint (aka intervene and do "artificial selection" on the simulation you are watching run) certain places, and vioala, you simply checkpoint Steven Curtis Wieler II. holy shit what that was on accident but sounds good to me! you probably can't checkpoint or maybe you can, but it seems like it would be a lot of data to store and work with :-/. but that's really the end of it's complexity :). just a fukken save. so save steven! when you see him. this is bullshit how could you observe yourself? you could. gah. obviously you could, but if you could watch him like that then you could probably also communicate with him. but then again, like i said: all we do is fukken save it and that's all the complexity of the inner workings we need to understand. this is fucking bullshit there's no way. actually it's guaranteed given infinite time. fuck. we don't have infinite time. how long is indefinite? indefinite may or may not be long enough.







when i first thought up the first sentence of this, it was right after a hit of weed-resign-goo/spice combo and i got confused and wondered if i meant my integrity was my sanity. that is also true though. we don't have our sanity by default either. kids don't question, just accept. accepting is not understanding therefore it isn't "all the way" sane. it is on the path to it, but not there. or perhaps nobody is yet. or perhaps i am the only one (keeping all this to myself woot). but i think it could very likely have never been attained by anyone. a goal for meditators etc and shit, maybe some of them reached it? history is pretty long after all and meditation is an early man's game. at least i'd think it would be.