I'm all there, just somewhere else
^mite b plaigarism

the fact that it says nothing about course is what makes it so re-usable. or is it coarse? DIRECTION in 3d space. but that includes placement into said 3d space which includes a necessity of relativity, regardless of if zero is balanced upon or indexed left/right. mentioning the relative portion of a course is a matter of self description. "Do you see yourself as you are today in 2012 (kept writing 30-bvacksapce-30-omfghigh)?", which gives you a relative portion... and "Do you see yourself as you want to be in 183,000?" which gives you a directional portion as well as a delightful delusion of grandure (should you not make it (making it means they weren't delusions (i genuinely think i can make it. i am most certain of it. it is a matter of will. i am still willing, so it is bound to be done (unless i forget what i'm doing or am working on a tangent (rpc generator fml) or something completely unrelated such as this doc)))).

So I guess after writing the above paragraph I'm obliged to say that my mind tries intentionally to delude itself into thinking it is in the year 183,000? It only does this when trying to think of bitchin software. OR is it: I try to write software NOW that will still hold value in the year 183,000? I genuinely don't know, does that mean I get to decide? Does that mean I have to? Does that mean I need to do anything with the year 183,000? Why is that one so significant? It isn't, it just came to me one time/trip(?). Oh wait I remember my previous ramblings about it. LoL.

I am merely borrowing the number 183,000 ... it has no relationship to that other bullshit (or maybe it does fuck it)
On the scale of infinity, all distances are the same because there is no relativity.
To get relativity, we need to have a scale and for us our scale is the span of our lives. There are tons of other measurable scales created from the changing of the seasons. 183,000 seems like a long time considering right now we live to be roughly 100. There would be 1,830 full human lifespans (no overlap) and idfk how many generations. Do you just multiply by 4? k so like 5 thousand generations of life in between you and the year 183,000. I am 24 years old.

Muchlike Qt, the saying on the first line has no direction and so everyone's reading of it is also their interpretting of it, which is relative to their own mind (or their "sect" if brainwashed similarly) and so the person reading it envisions "a person" on what THEY (the reader) consider to be a "somewhere else".