Dr. No hair
Watched Dr. No for the first time in a loooooooong time, so long that I actually didn't remember most of it (which made it seem like a new movie altogether :-D). The scene where he places the licked piece of hair on the closet door thing to detect an intruder made me "go back to basics" about security etc in general. I'm way overthinking my security first of all: he kept it nice and basic -- there were so many things in the room he could have rigged to detect someone... but he KISS. My security measures (for my files) are utter shit is what really became apparent to me in that scene. I might as well not even try. Even to this day data could be being "jacked" from under my nose and I'm still a a fucking idiot about it and doing more or less nothing about it. It was that scene that made me realize I need to launch ASAP for my own security's sake: for my own sanity's sake. I think during that scene I decided to do a from-my-parents-launch-WHO-GIVES-A-FUCK-HOW-SHITTY-IT-IS-BECAUSE-AT-THIS-POINT-I-AM-WORRIED-IT-WILL-NEVER-HAPPEN. Any amateur private investigator could easily snoop/jack my data. I have attracted lots of attention to myself with the fundraising "attempt". Anyone with a half a brain could even utilize my data and walk in my shoes (steal my life). I'm relatively certain I'm going to do it from my parent's house now. I sure as shit don't WANT to, but at this point... oh my god I just need to because fuck.


Parents subjection to my shit (they are asking for it after all)
I don't want to subject my parents to my shit. I don't want to live with them during it... they deserve a quiet life. But I deserve to express myself. Since I'm not financially able to own a private place for expression, I will destroy some of my parent's comfort temporarily (I will still move out as soon as I can) in order to gain my own sanity. To them it is comfort, to me it is sanity. I am fucking dying in silence. Another cheesy thought that went through my brain "if I can't handle my parents (more specifically, dad (nigger)), how do I expect to do X" (fill in X with whatever bullshit you want)


Prostitution should be legal. Thoughts are our most valuable commodity. Is it right that the law can force us to waste thoughts on others in the pursuit of an orgasm? For me and some others, our thoughts tend to be different (or 'above') most of those we meet and so simply conversing/exchanging-thoughts is difficult. I must talk about things such as the weather in order to get laid. Sex is not strictly necessary (well it is if you're talking about passing on your genetic code... so...), but sex is an urge that is one of the core motivating factors for everything we do. Although we don't like to admit it, it controls us. Sex to just about every non-broken human (excluding those who are already sexually satisfied) is like methadone to a heroin addict or alcohol to an alcoholic. You should not deprive a human of it, and making prostitution illegal does exactly that. Prostitution should be legal and safe (of course, if money didn't exist then sex would be much easier to come by and it solves the problem of the girls having to be prostitutes in the first place (which is something that will always exist underground anyways so long as money/power exist)). I would much rather drop a few hundred bucks to get my dick wet than invest countless hours trying to charm a girl into bed [by talking about the weather]. It's just a more effective/efficient utilization of resources, plain and simple. The faster I get my rocks off, the sooner I go back to adding value to the world by writing code by myself in my mom's basement. Making prostitution illegal forces those of us without currency to resort to alternate methods of obtaining sexual satisfaction. I still to this day claim to not be gay, even admittedly after having sex with plenty of men. The STD rate in the homosexual community is much higher in the homosexual community, so am I saying (blaming) that on the government/law? maybe ;-P


Appease others' insanity
The reason most none of us our content with our own lives is because we make endless tiny compromises to appease each others' insanity. Context: I was about to walk out with 3 dishes in my hand but I heard my mom out in the kitchen so I instead only took 1. Food has become a "thing" here it seems (not huge like africa status, but still a miniature elephant in the room), so by bringing 1 dish instead of all 3 I'd avoid her stare/questioning. I giggled when I first thought of it, "what a stupid/silly compromise that doesn't hurt me at all", then I came up with the above. It's a series of SEEMINGLY-UNIMPORTANT compromises that all add up to an entire life compromised/wasted/lost. This example was extremely simple/insignificant btw.