Clarity (train of thought):
A politician is a person who may have actually wanted to better the world, but was too stupid to realize that they (and everyone) are corruptable (or perhaps they were already corrupt but yea). As soon as they are elected into public office, they are approached by messengers who, through ambiguity, threaten the life of the politician and their family. The politician now looks around him for help, only to realize that every other politician, the entire police force, and the entire military, are corrupt as well (excluding the few unimportant oddballs here and there (if you are important, you are approached (if you deny, you die (it looks like an accident (murder is so fucking easy))))). The line "take comfort in knowing you never had a choice" comes to mind.

It's not a group of people sitting around making decisions about how they want to rule the world (although it could be, it probably isn't). The system is modular, and therefore regenerable, but each piece shares a common goal: money/power (sameshit).

The system pounces on new contenders (the young ambitious 'good' politician, for example) because it knows from experience that it's better to eliminate a threat before it becomes dangerous.

The world is ruled by corporations. But it isn't ruled (per se) at all, as that would require some level of intelligent thought above "MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY". Chaos + greed = [a perhaps unstoppable] corruption.


My name is Steven Curtis Wieler II (d3fault), and I am NOT a conspiracy theorist or paranoid schizophrenic.


You can (they can/will) brush me off as having no proof because the system has adapted to being entirely ambiguous. Everything I could point to as suggestive evidence of the corruption has an "[alternate] justified existence". They can and do even make songs and movies about it (if I were to copyright this [without also copylefting it], I'd be a part of it :-P), but none of that matters when it's all done in a calculated fashion (and of course trial and error over hundreds/thousands of years) to hide perfectly in ambiguity.

I do enjoy knowing that I don't matter. My writing this doesn't matter. They won't have to kill me (but might anyways :-P).
I don't like what this means, however: we're fucked and there's nothing I can do about it.
I do like having at least a bit more confidence in the above sentence, ONLY BECAUSE it [might] allow[s] me to just focus on enjoying my short life and not having to waste time trying to fight a billion headed dragon where you cut off one head and another grows in its place.


Ultimately though, nothing has changed after writing this. I feel as though I see the world the way it is, but at the end of the day my plans to "launch" haven't changed at all. I think they'll just lol at my flaling/coding/musical-endevearoaraors and the machine will keep cranking, me a tiny spec of insignificance off to the side.