Small distractions affect me dramatically (parents, dog barking, etc).
It is after writing this thought that I understand [err something I'm just now trying to write].
My environment is several (million? billion? trillion?) distractions that take up the overwhelming vast majority of my focus.

It is only through being left alone, meditation and/or crazy ass fucking drugs (they certainly help :-P), that I'm able to abstract it all away and "become d3fault". To see Steven for what he is and to laugh at him and how simple he is: sex addict. I am programmed to be one because natural selection rewards the sex addict (but still STDs punish them as well (chaos rewards and punishes chaotically)).

My conscience in a void (d3fault), is a difficult state of mind for me to get to... but I have done it multiple times and I know I can live there and I know I will live there. These stupid miniscule distractions in (Steven's) my daily life are depressing and slow me down. I know I can tough it out and power through it (headphones + door locked certainly help)... and really it's my only option. But that state of mind seems so distant right now. I can only really remember that it's awesome and pure and that I can get back to it at will (*cough* drugs *cough*). I need to be moved out in order to stay in it. Religious parents would ruin it if I tried to launch here. No biggy though, moving out isn't that hard.


I don't know as I'm writing it it still doesn't sound that cool. It felt like I connected two completely different thoughts when I first thought it... but now it just seems like common sense stupidity ("we are all 1 being simplified" :-P).

Small distractions affect me tons = my environment is composed of many small distractions
LHS = parents, dogs barking, nephew (though I love all of them!)
RHS = sex sex sex survival sex sex sex food... you know, all that programmed-in-dna (had:coding) shit

Take them away and you are a conscience in a void. Take them away and you can understand and appreciate life (tragic comedy? or just plain awesome? (leaning towards the latter lately but I'd say when I factor in the environment it seems like the first)) and create and pursue arbitrary (NON SEXUALLY DRIVEN) goals.


I admit that this whole launch thing might be all for sex subconsciously (fuckit). I have said before that it will serve as a platform to meet girls AS WELL. I don't see it as primarily that... but I know I've said that before. My subconscious could still be in complete control even when I "am d3fault" and I could just be deluding myself into doing whatever is needed for sex sex sex sex sex ;-).



I am peaceful and I hate that we have to eat ourself to survive... but given the choice between not existing or eating ourself to survive... obviously I choose the second.



Looking back at that "RHS" line, I was tempted to put poop/pee in it as well... but however those aren't really programmed responses. THE (and this is why I am writing it, fucking hilarious) POOP AND PISS JUST SORT OF DRIPS OUT OF YOUR BODY. Sure sphlincters etc are genetic and therefore programmed etc... but the base act of disposing of waste product isn't really programmed in the same way that "EAT" definitely is. Just drips teh fuck out ;-).





The most euphoric moment is after getting to the conscience in a void state of mind........ letting your environment soak back into your brain and comprehending exactly what it is (from a logical viewpoint (I'm no chemist/physicist)). You get an ultimate feeling of free will. You want to do anything (numerous times I say to myself "there is nothing to do but do something SO GET THE FUCK UP AND DANCE" and then I either do or at least imagine myself doing it indefinitely and then just dying after an indefinite time of dancing but there is nothing else. That is life. Life is dancing senselessly because it FEELS FUCKING AMAZING. Music and art and love. Sure you can collapse those 3 into each other).

To _UNDERSTAND_ that dancing indefinitely until death is all there is and to willfully choose to do it! It gives me an orgasmic understanding of life and the universe and everything. 42? Hah. It's love,art,energy,chaos,etc.

Too many people dance because it feels good but without the ultimate understanding first. It's a sort of cop out in that sense. Not that they shouldn't do it...... but seriously you should understand why first and it will be that much better. It's one of those "you have to think it to get it" (LOL) type things. Dancing without understanding can bring euphoria... but it can also be used as an escape from truth/depression. FORGE THROUGH THE FUCKING DEPRESSION. YES YOU ARE GOING TO DIE............... BUT YOU WILL BE BACK ;-).


I have never danced how I imagine it during those brief moment. It's like infinite energy being expelled at 100% with maximum adrenaline being released indefinitely... and of course it looks retarded. The dancing is just flaling. Stomping. Spinning. Flipping. Throwing arms about. NEVER STOPPING. Is it metaphoric or could I actually do that without giving myself a heart attack :-P? Perhaps after science/medicine brings us to indefinence then it will be actually possible.

The reason I usually DON'T dance even though I feel ultra compelled to is: paranoia. Not yet launched and err idk I just always talking myself out of it somehow. I think this launch being public 24/7/365/indefinite will actually help. I do plan on doing some dancing shortly after I launch. I'll use the line and everything. I probably won't last that long (or maybe I'll have a heart attack (that'd be hilarious)) since my body gets tired eventually.... but it will be fun to not have to talk myself out of it! Fucking bastards have turned this existence into a breeding ground for paranoia. Glad I see the solution and am pursuing it... still pissed I'm not there yet :(.

I forget the state of mind and it's ..... extreme'ness..... but each and every time I dose it comes right back to me. I am trucking away as Steven and I tell myself that it doesn't matter that I can't remember just now. I'm too distracted by my environment so it makes sense that I don't. My point is that even though I'm scared and confused at what I'm working towards... I'm pretty sure (as in: 99.999999999% sure) it will all make sense again within seconds/minutes after my launch :-D. It's a crazy idea and I came up with it while in the state of mind. I have only been able to bring the "requirements" (in business/coder speak) back to my environmentally distracted self. They even seem insignificant and silly and even trivially stupid (HURR POINT VIDEO CAMERA AT SELF BROADCAST TO INTERBUTTS).... but each time I get back to the state of mind I get pissed at myself for still not having done it yet... and I again and again see how trivial it is and how close I am and I dive back into my code to get back to it. Time passes and I forget (or perhaps it's all just fear?) and/or get confused. It really did/does seem confusing but shit tbh I think this doc clarifies a lot of that! We are flooded with shit tons of miniscule distractions and that makes up the duration of our lives. What a waste. It can be so much more enjoyable.

I see it as the start of my life. I will finally be at peace, mentally, and can start to live a fulfilling life.