Patents rage, copyleft-esq seems obligatory but then they have me under their thumb. "Any law which makes an idea illegal is itself illegal". Two polar extremes in choice. Choosing copyleft-esq "gives patents confidence" <-- accepts their validity.

Grace period loophoole/flaw (applies to private people)... but also grace period nice'ness for "live minddump"ing xD (public)...

"purely philosophical" / research


I was wrong again in that other doc: getting patents does protect you. Generally, if you're just a whore for money, they don't protect you from the "obvious to above average intelligence" [patented] improvements... BUT if you take a copyleft-esq strategy saying "you get to use this royalty free so long as you aren't enforcing any other patents unless the enforcement is identical to this one", THEN you are using patents to protect the original idea, and derivative improvement ideas as well (the improvements could still be PATENTED/RESTRICTED, but the improvements could not be UTILIZED, even by the patent holder).

Idk all this patent mumbo jumbo is really dull. It is discouraging as fuck. I don't want to give away ideas so that minor improvements to them can be patented. Bah, fucking patents are bullshit. "Any law which makes an idea illegal is itself illegal". This is philosophical standpoint, but I think it should apply to commercialization of "patented ideas" as well. ROW ROW FIGHT POWA FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT etc, sure.... but GL;HF THEY OWN THE NUKES AND WILL RAID AND SHUTDOWN YOUR COMMERCIALIZATION (they probably only allow "purely philosophical/research" type stuff.... BECAUSE OF AN INABILITY TO CONTROL YOUR FUCKING BRAIN (IF THEY COULD THEY WOULD)).

I feel almost as though it's my duty to take the patent/copyleft-esq strategy because I am in a unique position. Regarding that "government forces us to be insecure" document.... I am one exception to that: because I will be getting ADVERTISING REVENUE while making free software, then maybe I can play the patent game too (which is costly). I don't want to give credit to the validity of the patent system by taking part in it..... but it doesn't matter whether I do or not. The guys with the guns say it's real.

Man that's a gem in and of itself: there is no real except that which the guys with the guns say is real (applies to everything, not just patents). SHIRT!

Discouraging and I admit it makes me want to go off the grid and get into the serial killing business for fun. At least then I'd have clear enemies. Bleh, "self control", "good", anti-paranoia, yada yada.

Another thing is that playing the patent game indirectly gives the government control over your behavior. I want to be a flailing [good] lunatic. FUCK NORMS. I'll be vocally critical about the patent system while still attempting to use it... and since patents are approved of by humans, they'll slant toward not granting me shit (especially if/when they know I'll be using a copyleft-esq strategy (less money for them = "all the sudden i am a treasonous traitor" or something. man this is all so fucking bullshit subjective point-of-view everything I should just kill myself (or others) this world sucks). They'd have a monetary incentive/bias toward saying my "original" idea (to be copyleft-esq patent granted) was OBVIOUS (invalid), but the "improvement" to the same idea (normal license fees by some greedy fuck (which are all taxed)) is NON-OBVIOUS (valid). Everything I just wrote was [probably] true, but I'm getting away from the original point: they control my BEHAVIOR. They make ambiguious threats for something or other: "behave this way (STOP FLAILING AND CRITICIZING YOUR GOVERNMENT) or else we won't grant your patent". Ambugiously threaten it (so I have no legal recourse for their corruption), and then disqualify the patent on some irrelevant highly subjective technical.... thing.

There is no bitcoin of patents. Copyright is easy: free/cheap/instant.... publishing on tor/freenet/etc. Money has bitcoin woot fuck yea Satoshi. Copyright and Money are FREEEEEEEEEEEEE lately. Free as in unrestricted. Obscenity laws still apply (*cough*) but that doesn't invalidate the copyright. Money and copyright are out of the government's control.... and rightly so! Fuck them, the corrupt bastards. NOT SO WITH PATENTS. The guys with the guns say that the IDEA CONTROLLING system is valid, therefore it is. You can fight it individually/philosophically and they'll let you slide (because they can't control that), but try to use idea to make a buck (errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, what?) and they'll send a swat team to your company and seize all your shit [usually at the behest of the patent holder].

Corruption is thriving, I should just go off the grid and hook up a PRNG to a fucking list of politicians (I guess CEOs too?) to kill. If you accept lobby contributions, you're on the list. ZEUS SO FUCKING TEMPTING YOU FUCKHEADS ARE LUCKY I WANT TO BE GOOD.


Grace period loophole: publish an idea, say that "a patent application for this idea (and unmentioned improvements) is being drafted". If someone else then publishes an improvement to your idea within the grace period (and whether or not they intend to patent is irrelevant), you can steal their improvement and say that you knew of it all along and intended for it to go into the original patent application. Easy to lie when you are private.

Grace period nice'ness: Since I am, obviously, considering playing the patent game (gah! I'd much rather shut the whole thing down (GL;HF -- haven't you seen those pharma movies where there's all that killing and shit just over information/profit? Imagine that times a thousand (because every sector would be involved (infinite multiverse theory though sup? (eh)))), the grace period provides a nice'ness for the "live minddump" way of living. I'd either have to retroactively scan, or hire someone to retroactively scan, all my ideas before the grace period is up. What I'm saying is that I could still DECIDE LATER to play the patent game (copyleft-esq, obviously). I can still "launch" as normal and then use the grace period to sift through all my published shit looking for "patentable" (placing my mind in the shoes of idiots in order to determine) ideas. Might require "this idea has a patent application being drafted" notice, but I have no idea and also it is easy to automatically blanket all my works with that (even if it's not applicable lol (near zero cost)).


And since I, in a way, intend on being purely philosophical/research-oriented, maybe I don't have to give a shit about patents in the first place. My copyright license text becomes relevant: if I am choosing a business-usable free software license (LGPL, etc)... then a "research" LGPL work becomes un-usable by businesses (DO I EVEN CARE?) because of patents I might infringe (See: LAME MP3 Encoder, which is legal and free software, but only for research). So it kind of defeats the purpose of being commercially utilizeable free software. Fuck.


My decisions for what to do with regard to copyright licensing (all I know is copyleft) and patents (all I know is I hate them) will echo for centuries. NO PRESSURE MAYNG ;-P.