There's "pushover" and "bossy". The ideal person is somewhere in between the two. I think you should err on the side of bossy (even though as I am writing this now, it's worth noting that I find myself erring on the side of pushover), but (and this is crucial) you should be flexible and dynamic and ABLE TO BE a "pushover" on demand and circumstantially. The truth is that friendships often require compromises.

I find Robinson spilling his thoughts/emotions to me (and ofc I am unable to reciprocate fmpel) and it's obvious he's making an effort to be less of a pushover. I wouldn't go so far as to say he's bossy, but it's clear he's dabling in trying to find that balancing point. I thought of this doc as an imaginary conversation with him, and I do think my mentioning it to him (or him reading this) could/would help him. He and I are both too much of pushovers, so I'm also trying to help myself.

The reason we should err on the side of bossy is because it's the most effective way to utilize free will.... AND... because most of our relationships are not worth being a pushover to-maintain (had:for). We have tons of aquaintances and very few close friends. You should not bend your will for aquaintances (that's not to say you should be bossy either. it's best to agree to disagree and to live your own lives), and hell even bending your will for close friends has the potential for disaster and should be done with caution (ex: if you spend all your time with close friends and are a pushover to maintain your relationships with them, you never exert (had:sex) your will and so waste your life). You should state your desires/will in a calm and non-bossy fashion, collect desires/wills from close friends for consideration (getting their will without your will biasing it is difficult -- getting theirs first often solves the problem (but sometimes biases you [if you're a pushover]!)), and choose to the best of your ability when to make compromises or not. I offer no guidance on when to make compromises or not. There are infinite possible situations where mere (had:simple) preference can cause conflict (hopefully small and insignificant) between close friends. I suppose I will offer guidance, but abstractly: both friends should exert their will as much as possible while (had:minimally) allowing compromise only to minimize the inevitible conflicts that time and circumstance always present.