It is always better to be ambitious than to not be ambitious. At least you tried even if you die, for if you chose not to be ambitious you would not have done anything anyways so by choosing to be ambitious you lose (had: loose) out on nothing because you can only gain while trying. but you can also lose by dying etc. death comes no matter whether you choose to be ambitious or not. so by not choosing it you are surely elongating your life of nothingness. you can always choose to be ambitious during your last 20 years of life but you'll find that your body takes a beating over the course of it's life (especially if you don't use it. "use it or lose it" applies). still i will admit that it is a mathematically better approach at tackling life (seemingly at first). once you're "up there" you might as well throw it all down. it is common that by the time the person reaches that age, they are tired out and have more or less given up and are just slowly awaiting anything/everything/nothing to happen until their eventual/inevitable/guaran-fucking-teed death. observer until death is what i would say 99.99% of the humans in the world do.

to be neutral is to choose not to be ambitious.

even evil people have ambition.





to be neutral is to not allow yourself to gain (because not being ambitious (and you HAVE TO CHOOSE whether you are good or bad if you choose to be ambitious. neutral no longer applies) something goes here, forgot while writing that parenthesis).
to be evil is to get yourself squashed by the good (always eventually (even if evolution has to re-emerge bcoz evil succeeded up to the point where nukes destroyed all of a certain species, good will always succeed (but so also will evil)))

i doubt we ever make it to see the big collapse. i think evil will blow us all up every time. we never see it coming and then it is just over

i hope at least we have a while to enjoy this newfound instance of evolution. we are i was going to say unique and precise at the same time but it's more complicated than that. we are unique in that we are a rare instance/occurance/specification. i think there would be infinite alternate specifications that are all randomly/chaotically re-emerging infinite times so it is impossible (or perhaps just difficult) to be able to tell when a certain specification will re-emerge in the future or even when it has emerged previously (because the traces of existence tend to be erased (because the timespan in between emergences is an order of magnitude larger than the lifespan of a star, solar system, planet, or even entire universe "bang instance" perhaps. it could be several hundreds of thousands of "bang instances" before even a single emergence of any one of those infinite specifications for "life" forms, but it goes by at a "blink of an eye" because there is no observer (unless there's a god, then i guess he would be an observer (i don't think there is because he would be able to communicate with us and if he can communicate with us and chooses not to then he's a dick so fuck him anyways)). infinite years can go in between each life emergence and it will have made no difference to any of the emergences of life. there is no comprehension of anything before you are born. you do not yet have the ability to "miss" anything (being alive, in this hypothetical case). you also can't miss being dead, but the idea of death makes you, in a sense, miss yourself [when you will be dead]. you hate the fact that you have to die.... and since you are alive (and thus able to "miss"), you focus entirely on your death after your life than the death before your life. there is just as much before your life as there is after your life. you are a periodically lit up spec of light on a rotating "building" of specs of lights. there are infinite buildings and therefore infinite specs of light. so am i just a single spec of light? the fact that i re-mimic myself over and over does not necessarily mean that i am the same spec of light. i suppose it is able to be said that the exact same spec of light re-lights and re-mimics the same "human life" (0-death) the exact fucking same, but it will have been at a different time. it is either at a different time or a different place, i am one spec of light at now. that is the hardest thing to keep in mind when trying to utilize free will while convincing myself i'm not just duplicating myself senselessly. it is possible to do things that have not yet been done because there are infinite things to do and infinite time is not yet over (i am still here right now typing this) therefore every thing (in the span of infinite) has not yet been done. it is guaranteed that there's at least one thing that hasn't been done yet, therefore you can be a LEADING spec of light that will later be re-mimic'd infinitely. the fact that we also have an infinite past does not change that fact. actually it does? fuck.?.?.?. (period vs. question mark battle). infinite past means everything has been done in the past because over the course of infinity, everything is done.


so is my only solution to willingly delude myself into believing i have free will because it FEELS GOOD AND IS FUN, MAN?
I can certainly allow myself and justify that delusion especially with knowledge of my explicit decision to be good. I can put it on full blast.

there is no leading spec of light but there are.... increasingly rarer.... ones. be one of those. extreme good. why? why not? bad is too easy and it's opportunity presents itself everywhere. it will also haunt your subconscious and has an increased chance of both incarceration and an earlier ended life. extreme good also has an increased chance of earlier death over being neutral. evolution rewards neutrality because it has the highest SURVIVAL rate. however chicks dig ambition so those FEW who are ambitious don't have any trouble passing along their (rare and i would say irrelevant. ambition is not passed on genetically)) dna. the son of an ambitious man is likely to be neutral, but there is also some (outside influences, namely his father) increased chance that he will too be ambitious. the original ambition of the first father is usually the most pure and strong.

extreme good has the best chances of long term survival and bliss, because we are working with the chances of infinity we have to make a large bet (the increased chance of an earlier death) in order to get a large reward (indefinitely long life and bliss). if you do not make the bet (the action of which is simply "being ambitious" [in a non-secret manner btw]), you will almost definitely not win that reward.

you underestimate your influence and what the world demands of you. you need to pump out scientists that will solve the fountain of youth medical problem before we run out of resources or blow ourselves up (or the freezing temporary solution runs out of maximum frozen time). you have relatively rare (for now ;-P) capability in your programming. most people just USE software and the author dictates how the person interacts with it's computer. i am an author of person-computer interactions. i more or less tell you how to organize your life [related to and on that computer (which these days is growing rapidly (and i will accelerate fuck yea cyborgs (or whatever you want to call computer-ehnanced-humans)))] and will provide your platforms of communication and publication. i will also give you platforms of creation (everything from notepad, IDE, possibly graphics stuff (i could provide a starting point for others to build on at the very least), possibly video stuff (ditto), etc (infinite things go in that etc)). as for content, i myself am making a personal conscious choice to not view any proprietary materials. since i am responsible for being DMCA compliant and i wish to accept contributions from my fellow humans (especially the ones who are smarter than me), i must only allow appropriately licensed content on my network/website/thingo. If it were up to me I would allow all content to be freely shared like if it were all in the public domain, but it is not and I must comply with the law. Since I must comply with the law I should utilize it to the best of my advantage (Copyleft).


my systems are going to be sweet (had: sick, but eh a person reading this in an entirely different era might interpret that wrong. here and now sick means "cool" in like a "dude" kind of way. siiiiiiiiiiiiick brah).


i feel as though my situation is somewhat unique/rare (though could definitely be reproduced) because we are at such a pivotal point in our society. my long term survival may very well depend on my own coding skills. but it might also be solved by some other twat and i may have not been needed. am i willing to take the risk that he even exists and sit around twiddling my thumbs wondering? what do you think? ok the answer is no, i am not going to sit here twiddling my thumbs. i am obsessed with life and pleasure and bliss of the mind and drugs and computers and programming. i want love but eh nobody's perfect. i want to prolong all of this for as long as possible. is it coincidental or intentional that what i want to program for FUN is also the same software that is required to speed up scientist knowledgebases by as much as possible? Seriously, what the fuck? Have I had that in mind ever since I thought it up many years ago? Have I always been a good person? Or maybe not always but was I a good person before? I would say that I do (or have done) good things sometimes and bad things sometimes.