a way to mentally tortue someone (it actually sounds orgasmic simultaneously (for the right kind of brain)) is to put them in a 4-walled soundproof barrier as the MIDDLE POINT of it. i don't know if a human body can be made sound proof but that's basically the goal. the front of them eats food and that is all. i was thinking maybe they could get masturbated/etc too but it might blend in too much with the eating/front half? but perhaps not seeing as they will not be able to see (thought this through). each left/right side of their body is listening to different realities/stories/brainwash/ANYTHING, but they should be polar opposites for maximum effect? perhaps a world war story of a russian's "view" and an american's "view" and then the person who is being tortured will like freak out as they get closer and closer to killing each other. the amount of stories you could come up with is infinite. also their back is sometimes massaged too to get that 4th one in there? i think the eys being shut and the left and right sides of your ... hearing... thing is the most important part of this experiment. it may even need to be minimized down to only that. it is necessary to mention that arms/legs and the body as an overall hole cannot be allowed/able to move (except for breathing). they need to be rigged to an auto-feeder (IV or tube-down-throat) and auto-piss-catcher as well as auto-shit-catcher. i know i can build/code all of this. i don't even need a "dominatrix" to be the one controlling it, but i think it will work better if an outsider/3rd-party is the one controlling it


entirely optional: allow them to speak/think/minddump during it (they cannot hear themselves)

i kinda-sorta (at least especially after the fact -- now) came up with that as a way to get a password out of a human brain
there could be a specialty called password extraction and we'd have professionals. it would be a branch of psychology

a human brain should not keep secrets, then it doesn't have to worry about that kind of thing
this is why i want to go in it (not forever, but "for a while" (tbd. hours or weeks or days or MONTHS? probably not months -- that would be torture for anyone maybe?)

and still, you aren't LIVING the experiences, just hearing about them. it is not very productive (except maybe the optional minddump stuff)


you might also be able to do it with visuals also by splitting the eyes right down the middle with a wall

the audio on the left should match the video on the left, and vice versa
in this configuration the body is only split in half
it might work easier because we have 2 lobes of the brain or just because it is less information to process? (2 < 4)



i think/know i would enjoy talking to hannah hopp in my "glass around head libre+etc" configuration