analogy/metaphor: drugs basically give you low level access to your brain. if being sober is being in userland and having access to your home folder only, tripping balls is being root and having access to the whole filesystem (including the kernel). the userland/home represent forelobe/conscience, the entire-fs/root-permissions/kernel represent the subconscience. different drugs show you different portions (your previous experiences [in life] and your previous experiences [with the drug] will factor in too, but in general: specific drugs give a specific kind of high).

having low level access to your brain like that is certainly dangerous, just as giving your average computer user access to the whole filesystem/kernel is dangerous too (life crash vs. system (ok we are a system too ;-P) crash is no comparison i'll admit), but i believe drugs can help us understand ourselves better.

i'm sort of taking the hypocritical position of: "i should be allowed to take drugs, but most should not". tbh i don't know the perfect solution... but i know i can and want to... do.... drugs. i love them and they have changed my life significantly [for the better].

a minimum threshold of intelligence isn't a perfect safeguard either. certain intelligent minds (had:mines) will still retreat in fear. the truth is somewhat frightening at first. understanding death is terrifying. accepting it is difficult. "i don't want to play". throw me/others in a padded room and videocam the results and copyleft them. it must be broadcast live or there will be paranoia. it will probably cause paranoia either way. i have to be in control of being able to exit. if there is a psychology test on exit then corruption and subjectivity will probably ruin the whole thing. STILL, we cannot let those who have clearly "cracked" go outside and kill themselves or others five minutes later.

i contradict myself but i know _I_ can be safe about it. i've conquered my bad trips and have accepted my death.

i'm pursuing a dream i thought up in a trip...

... tripping balls can help you see the truth (or what it should be)

drugs are illegal, therefore the truth is illegal?



if i were to say "not every mind (had:everyone) can handle drugs", i'd only be half right. not every mind IN THIS DAY AND AGE and with their own experiences can handle them.... but every mind (excluding downs syndrome etc), if properly educated/trained/programmed, could probably handle them. there's too much sporatic stupidity thriving in the world today for drugs to be legal.............. (BUT PLZ LET ME TAKE THEM LOL BECAUSE I CAN HANDLE IT ;-P).....