With Humans:
In theory the supply of middlemen is finite, but in practice it is infinite.
Babies (essentially retards (in that they are a blank slate) that can be trained and taken advantage of) are constantly being born and this will likely always be so (unless we are all at a "indefinite" state and there is a population problem because nobody is dying, THEN maybe babies won't be born (but we still have so much space and so much resources (stars and entire universe)))

There are middlemen, and there are worker bees that actually do the micro-work. But to anyone who is a macro-organizer/commander (business owner essentially), the middleman and worker bee are indiferentiable. You don't care if anyone in direct communication with you is a worker bee or a middleman (middlemen just hire worker bees in bulk and.... middleman... a cut of all the money they touch. in some markets they are way overpaid and in some they are under), you only care that the work gets completed for X amount of currency-units (had: dollars).

To robots and/or confused humans: The reason it is "infinite in practice" is because, and this is perhaps only true for this era, there are always more leeches than entreupreneurs. Tons of entreuprenuers fail too, and leeches essentially take the easy way out (they are either a middleman or a worker bee), but in both respects they are leeching off of the successful (i guess it could be unsuccessful too, but for a shorter time) entreuprenuer. Yes, it is true that without them the entrepreneuer would have to do the work himself... but in PRACTICE that is never the case. There is always someone that will do something for a "reasonable" price (reasonable scales upwards and the breaking point varies from person to person). The leeches are not commanding will in their work. They are not doing anything. They are just a slave underneath a pyramid built in full with a giant board underneath it that they are carrying (doubt they did it this way). I am (we are) your Egyptian "God"s telling you what to do. The pyramids are built in OUR honor (had: own then backspaced it lololol. and yes it was in place of honor (not "OUR"), it's because they sound similar), therefore their entire existence is for us. Because of us and for us are the same.



Just to break the rule because it is breakable (in fact it uses another in theory/practice statement like the one i started with): I should do things for other people for no reason. Actually that's not true because then I'm still doing it for myself: I do it because I want to break the rule. (Still it would make for a silly reason to just give shit away randomly and you'd get the "good person" effect essentially for free (as well as lulz (had: "massive lulz", but ok probably not) when they hear of your reason for doing it. Or you can just convince yourself by lying to yourself (possible) that you are doing it strictly to BE a good person. To explicitly earn the title and not be ashamed of the fact that you are trying to appear a good person. There is after all, nothing to be ashamed of in that fact. Yes I do want to be a good person, but I had never up to this point considered randomly (literally randomly!!!! programmatically randomly!!!) giving away everything. I can survive on so very little. It is to FEEL and KNOW I am a good person, not to gain credit from others. So I can (but should I?) do it completely anonymously.

Wait wasn't this a business document at first? Guess I'm kinda losing that business audience reader by this point lmfao.

It is also a way of injecting chaos into the market. Chaos into the market makes it stable. Because it doesn't make sense (and because it's obvious that most/everyone wouldn't follow in doing it (there might be others but it cannot sustain if everyone is doing it: makes no sense)) is exactly why it has a "soft balancing over long term" effect. You are planting seeds of chaos that your, say... $100... does to influence a person's life. Unless they're something like an escaped-from-rehab heorin addict without any money, you are most likely going to help that person's life with that $100. That little bit could help over a variety of small humps in a person's life. The possibilities are endless. The extra bump could allow them to get to a point where they otherwise wouldn't have, and perhaps their getting there becomes the most significant discovery (likely to just be a thought) in known history. We say known history but it is really... what the bootstrap has been able to record of itself: once it figured out "oh shit I should be writing this down (but in my defense fucker, I had to figure out writing first!)".

I am making the argument that chaotically influencing people lives in an agreed-"good" way (durrrr teh money is teh money is teh money omg i wruv u hurrrrr) is good for the overall economy (which includes non-money related things. the economy definitely influences a person's well-being and their well-being definitely influences their quantity and quality of output/creations/works. Whether artistic or perhaps scientific. I think a lot of science is done on accident and as a side effect of business, but I think truly original thought is usually specifically pursued. For example my hunch (No idea at this point what I'll discover (or even have discovered. God damnit I need to publish (etc))) that now that I've written about may never come true ;-).

Yes I could do it anonymously but I don't think that's necessary to be "good" and I might as well accept/welcome the added awareness to my "increase average intelligence" mission. I don't give a shit if you're a faggot, nigger, spic, gook, kyke, sandnigger, etc. You can do better than what reality in 2013 (schools, media, etc) is providing for you. The truth is I really just like to code but I might as well put on a show and get a huge following because that is tried and true the best way to manipulate the masses. If you tell them you are only in it to manipulate them, and you explain in a way that they can understand that you only want to manipulate them so that they enjoy life better and we all become an overall more intelligent species (peace will come as a side effect I HOPE), then MAYBE they will allow you to manipulate them and so join your cause. I am a secure communications programmer. Had just communications but I mean the secure part is really necessary in this day and age. So easy to hack and get hacked. I can hack every security mechanism I have devised EXCEPT the write-only dht with the thumb drive up the bum and keys in the brain, where your difficult-to-change "friends" on the DHT can later auth a new set of keys to append as the "newer currently trusted keyset representing a single human". They have to be friends IRL and the verification process has to be tedious. The new keyset can also de-claim the forged uploads (delete is not possible at this point SPECIFICALLY because we know a compromise of the thumb drive up the bum and keys in the brain, can happen) to a certain spot on the "upload timeline". The only thing a person can do after compromising your thumb drive and beating the keys in your brain out of you with a wrench, is upload shit and claim you uploaded it. Oh I guess they can perhaps spend your money??? It would be ideal if you could allow your friends to "hold most of your money" (but not be able to use) so that there is a max amount that can be spent before you must re-auth-verify yourself on a video camera (or in real life i suppose) doing something or saying something to each other that neither of you have said to each other before (etc). just prove it isn't simply a recording of you and if you want to be extra secure, that the room or building you are in is not under hostile control (depending on paranoia level (i think i'd take max but i'm special case)). The security for that "friend holding most money" might be impossible without "trust" of your friends... and lol trust. Your friends do not carry any of your keys when they are used to grant you a new set of keys (generated!) to be used on the network (if/when you are compromised, but verifications(incl. the re-gen) also need to happen periodically as well!!!), whereas I think with the money-holding problem... your friends would need to "carry your keys". Your best bet at that point is keeping keys in offline boxes. Since your brain can be hacked you shouldn't know where those offline boxes are, but you can't trust your same "friends" because you know where all of their offline boxes are. Do they even have offline boxes? Surely everyone does (definitely!), but do they have "hidden" offline boxes? Aren't we all broadcasting 24/7/365/death or is this a different scenario? What the fuck do I want out of life?

DPL is the backbone of my "increase average intelligence" mission. My coding is the muscles and flesh. I guess the UI would be the flesh xD. d3fault is the motto slogan trademark codename name of the mission. d3fault is also my name (i legally change to it (or perhaps not legally as that is "silly", to ask permission to utilize will by requesting that others around you call you d3fault)). I wonder if I could fight the name-change-fee and win. It seems plausible. "You can't charge me money to exercise my will that the freedom of America guarantees me. The fact that you keep a 'legal' list of names means it is your responsible to provide a [free-to-use-for-its-citizens] 'legal-name-change' utility". The fact that we don't get to choose our names and that our names CAN hurt us are added reasons to providing it free of cost to it's citizens.

It's still silly but I mean you can't change your driver's license without doing it...


...or maybe the fee is just a supply/demand issue? Maybe there's too many divorcees clogging up the system. Failures.