Being a shy and insulting and swear-word-using CUNT doesn't make me a bad person. My actions alone are what determine whether or not I am a bad person. So if I am one of the world's most active/productive LIBRE content producers, I am definitely contributing to society (and myself, being a part of said society) and am a good person for doing so. Only by doing bad actions in addition to the or in place of the good deeds can I become a bad person. There is a difference between a good person and a nice person, however.


My interactions with people are minimal.
My interactions with my parents are even worse. We DO talk, but it's _ALWAYS_ small talk. It is the equivalent of not talking.
I feel as though I restrain myself from speaking my mind whenever talking to anyone. Mostly friends/family with similar brains, because I find my parents and I disagree on too many things to talk well. Can't logic christians as Dr. motherfucking House once said. It is irrelevant except I should note that my father tends to "yell" to "win" his argumenets. It isn't entirely relevant but does show that I am a pussy. Still, I live here rent-free (the CAUSE of it tbh), so I should be grateful and let him think whatever the fuck he wants. This causes minimal small talking between us, as mentioned earlier.

Gah rode (or is it road?) the parent tangent for too long, this is a reflection!
After launching (but NOT of launching-abc-only!), I will be in a position where I can be more talkative. Under these circumstances will I prove whether I am nice or good or both or neither. It will be collaborative interaction... plus a bit of socializing though I don't know how that's going to work (aside from existing friends, of course (the ones that aren't vaginas)).


Good = actions
Nice = Words and body language?

The Nice/Bad combo is always interesting ("hiding in plain sight" is what it's called)
The Good/Asshole combo is rarely seen (so I should do it for fun and entertainment value?)

Bad/Asshole and Good/Nice are the common'est of the two.


SO WAIT A FUCKING MINUTE

I claim to be a good person. In fact, I know I am one. I am a social wreck which can give both impressions: asshole or nice. I can fake either at any given moment, but I try to just "be myself" (hence disaster). I guess it's like trying to "not slant" something that should be slanted. It will make it easier to control one or the other after I have chosen one or the other.

back to the "wait a fucking minute":
AM I ACTING RIGHT THIS VERY MOMENT????
Since I am Good/Asshole???????????????????????
Am I an asshole just for show?
More importantly: is it possible to be good without being nice?
YEEEEEES, as I mentioned earlier.
Is asshole usually associated with bad? Yes
You give people reason for doubt?
Why do you do this?
Is this "testing initiation upon first sight" ????
What does it accomplish?
Allow them to demonstrate to me right off the bat how they deal with an asshole? They should definitely deal with him, but be nice about it.
I think it is testing. Rofl. Lame social-skills.exe, time2upgrade
I don't think I've _EVER_ typed it "Rofl" with a capital R and lowercase ofl like that. Is that what being "nice" is all about?
Certainly not, but I guess it is how your typing is affected when trying to be "nice"?
Soooo
the change I am TRYING to make is not to whether or not I'm a good person
it's to merely what i say and how I act and bullshit
HENCE THE CHANGE ITSELF _IS_ ACTING and should not be attempted


But since it is merely a test, perhaps it is sociopathic and should be un-programmed?
And then I make fun of them jokingly (I am an asshole "jokingly") for our entire relationship
Which makes it much easier on their brains when I am an asshole for real.
By faking it, I am reserving the ability to perform it. Which is useful as it is how most "constructive criticism" is interpretted.
SO SHIT I'm not JUST testing, I'm fucking winning.
Sociopathically winning.

Uhhhh, is that right?

Can one be a sociopath and winning?
Isn't a sociopath a frowned upon thing? I believe so.
Perhaps it isn't as humanistically "healthy" to be sociopathically preparing them for "constructive criticism" by means of being an asshole to them.

PERHAPS IF THE "MODE" IS OPT-IN, THEN IT WON'T BE ASSHOLE'ISH TO BEGIN WITH. CUSS WORDS JUST AMPLIFY THE DELIVERY, BUT ARE ENTIRELY USELESS AND EVEN IRRELEVANT ONCE CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM MODE "AKA NO HOLDING BACK" IS ENABLED
I would/will/do/should/am-going-to-if-i-make-it allow myself to enter into and out of either mode at will and on a whim.
When I am not in the "no holding back" mode, I hold back.
Seeing as I do not enjoy holding back, I will choose to stay in the no holding back mode.

This would all be optimal if I had a glass helmet thingy with output-speakers and all that jazz.
I would probably be required to wear said helmet in a court of law because the judges/lawyers/etc would not opt-in to the "no holding back" mode. They might DEMAND I take it off, but I claim it a human rights violation, that I have to discontinue broadcasting (until proven guilty for something [that warrants jail/prison time] (but maybe not even jail/prison... because I do think convicts can contribute to society safely under such a system)). They might win but I will just refuse to speak. Fair Use = affirmative defense = shit.


Wait a minute, why would I end up in court if I am complying to the DMCA?


So the answer is: I'm not a sociopath I just think HARDER and want others to do the same? I also want to be surrounded by said individuals, who always keep me on my toes?

If that's true, then I am definitely a whatchamacallit artist
If not, I'm just a sociopath who's trying really hard to convince himself he isn't


I think I can genuinely say I enjoy constructive criticism. It is a rare but fast-paced form of productivity. Contradicting what I pulled out of my ass last time mentioning the opt-in "nothing held back" mode: It should not be inline/integrated with whether or not the content is LIBRE. There is LIBRE content that is not in "nothing held back" mode.


Browseable Database vs. Browseable Broadcasts
Integrated!

The broadcasts define a "zone" where... nothing is held back. The conversations can be 1-on-1 or many-to-many, but a party joining a 1-on-1 must match his "nothing held back" mode to the other two persons, UNLESS BOTH PARTIES (in the 1-on-1 converstion) "invite" (symbollically agree to turn on/off "nothing held back" mode) that 3rd party, in which case the conversation as a whole becomes whatever they elected. All parties must agree in order for a channel to "convert" it's mode, but any subset of the agreeing parties (but not ALL of them) can decide to leave/branch into their own channel (creates it on the fly) under the new mode. The old channel that 1 or a few people did not "agree" to change the channel of doesn't necessarily have to be closed... but it now requires an opt-in button to be held down (which disables the NOTHING HELD BACK one? NOOO it does not! There is always always always a "nothing held back" channel. These are your thoughts, documented. whether or not channel is published is up to you. I will opt to publishing mine live 24/7/365). Your newest-changed-to-channel because the one you are speaking in by default, without holding anything down.. and always, even when you are. There will need to be "name-filtering" on a receivers side so they don' there you speaking twice (the same thing) in both channels.



Won't everything just get really really really really really noisy?
Yes, that's why there are idle channels as well as idle groups, but private messaging makes up the majority?

You can add anybody you want and listen to all their private messages, assuming they are publishing like I will be. You have to be ON their channel otherwise to hear them. The "channels" is used for larger collaboration and conversation should be kept to a minimum except what the channel deems is worthy of discussion. This probably won't work overall as it would just be idiots interrupting idiots about idiotic things. Who has kick abilities? FML. Votekick? Game'able (yep)? Fuck.

The logistics can be worked out later. For now I want a forum and a means of collaborating. THAT IS IT. THAT IS WHY I HAVE THE RIGHT TO RUN A NETWORK. MY RIGHT TO COLLABORATE. I have the right to broadcast because durr. I have hte right to run a file hosting service because it is my right to collaborate. Collaborations are run by human beings, and require at least one human being to run. So the claim can't be made that I use some other collaboration site. I can and will run my own network.