I do not trust that we have landed on the moon because I trust even a single other human being. I trust that we have landed on the moon because I _KNOW_ that I myself can do it too. I understand the physics involved (even if minimally/barely). I have been on plane rides and I have shot off rockets. I can see the moon above me and my implicit ability to determine distance tells me it isn't "that" far. I know that with determination and/or maths I can put myself there. I have no desire to do so, but I thought of this while staring intensely at the moon as it was just above my eyesight earlier tonight. Fuck relying on other humans. Science is replicable. That is it's beauty. Penn Jillette (sp?) said it best: science re-emerges the same every time. It can be tested independently by any emergence and/or human every single fucking time.

Science is the same every time therefore I am the same every time. It's hard to explain how my brain made that connection but it just seems true for some reason. The replicability of science confirms the replicability of me (and all of you btw, but I don't give a shit about you :-P).

Chaos still follows the laws of math. It is difficult to understand that in some "bang instances", chaos does not form and there is only a strict symmetry. Life does not emerge either, but that doesn't matter because life has to emerge in order to miss itself. Chaos is [probably] a prerequisite for life... it just "makes sense". I can't fathom what a completely symmetrical universe would look like. Mathematical functions create the same thing over and over without spillage. I don't fucking know.

It also boggles the mind to think that only one "atom" or "molecule" or "string" or WHATEVER THE FUCK THE SMALLEST UNIT OF SHIT IS needs to be.... offset... and/or non-symmetrical... in order to trigger chaos (and therefore life). How that unit becomes offset is hard to think about..... but then, so is "where did the shit that 'bangs' come from?". Who gives a fuck. It did and it exists. We exist. If we don't then what am I doing? I am consciously triggering electric stimulus from my brain through my spine and into my wrist muscles which causes the muscles to contract and my fingers to go flying into the plastic which is arranged in such a manner that if the plastic becomes depressed, a circuit is completed and a difference in electrical current (based on ones and zeros at this point, because there are multiple electrical currents beneath the plastic) is measured and compared and transformed or otherwise converted into alphabetical lettering, which is used solely for the purpose of creating arbitary words, which are concepts to which we have assigned sounds (that later became thoughts as well (or something)). The letters/words/thoughts are inserted into a giant electric grid of "memory" inside my computer until I press the save buttan, wherein the data stored electronically is encoded onto magnetic platters (in roughly the same encoding as the memory itself... except more permanently). Yea I can write fiction and be overly descriptive too, go fuck yourself.




So.................. what the fuck is the purpose of that? The purpose is to recall it at a later date and/or to share it with my fellow humans. I can also take the approach of selling it and making a living off it if I choose. The free market also exists.

Still, none of that answers the deeper question of what the fuck the purpose of it is. Is it all for my amusement? Is it just because "I can" until I [once again] figure out that I've done it infinite times before? I don't know where to go from here. I know I've been here infinite times before and I feel as though I've never once solved what to do from this point forward.

My brain is much further ahead of my body. My brain lives in a world where the software is already completed and "indefinence" has already been figured out. My body lives in a world where I live with my parents and am pretty fucking broke. My body needs to keep coding to create a "turnkey" business / free market / BOOTSTRAP (fuck it) solution to my [short-term] problems................. but my brain can't solve it's [long-term] problems............... so what is even the point of living?

I said to myself in my parent's shower in their mirror in the shower while staring at myself this morning: "Step it up or kill yourself". I mean I couldn't agree more: all this writing I've been doing lately is fascinating yes.... but I need to code more to be honest. I'm glad I haven't run out of things to write.... but I'm pissed that I don't have a passive income that is enough to sustain my living independently. Fucking noob shit and I want to punch myself.

Still, I allow my brain to wander because my body is tasked with trivial problems that I know can be solved: money. My brain has reached a void of freedom. Free Will is a dead end. I'm not saying we can't create bliss for ourselves and/or world peace and yada yada yada...... I'm just saying that once every single one of us has everything he/she wants and every problem is solved (well except the unsolvable), we'll become bored because there is nothing to do.

Our emergent brains are born into a world where there is always something to do in order to progress [towards that blissful state (etc)]. Infinity considered and factored in (as it should be given "indefinence"), there is absolutely nothing for us to do. We can stimulate/simulate/trigger pleasure permanently and indefinitely.... but I worry that it will become "old" and boring. Perhaps we are meant to die solely so that we can enjoy pleasure? That being said, I'd rather be bored and alive than dead and have had pleasure. I am not afraid of becoming bored, I am already there [in my brain]. I am self-aware-bored. This is the step that comes after self-aware. That's not to say I am running out of things to write/say/do/think/etc....... just that I predict that I _WILL_ eventually.

Even with infinite derivatives in my dream utopia..... we'll eventually run out of things to derive! Yes I just contradicted myself. What I mean to say is: Even with unlimited (to what man's mind can achieve) derivatives in my dream utopia, we'll run out. Infinity does not mean there are infinite ideas, even when the ideas are compounded and derived from each other.

The wheel will be reinvented a ton of times before it is even noticed. The sheer amount of data and thoughts that can and will exist is astronimical. There is more to process than a single [currently capable in 2013] mind can handle. Thoughts will SEEM limitless, but they are not. The emergence of AI will tell us so. AI will halt relatively quick: there is nothing for them to do either. Serve us and give us bliss will not give them any grief and I don't think there will be a giant humans vs. AI/robots war as lots of people fear. We won't get in their way: they don't/won't need us for shit.... and serving us costs them nothing [except 'power'/'energy' of which there is an abundant supply].


Perhaps that is how we end and perhaps that is the cause of the human vs. robot war? But even if it is the case: we're already fucked. If we ever get a point where all the energy in the universe isn't enough, it doesn't matter who wins the fight to control what remains: it will run out and they will die out too. The universe's collapse is the end, everything else is just fluff.

What should I do with myself? I am not a genius; I am simply an above average intelligent human being who has collapsed himself into a spring. I am awaiting my "launch" but there isn't anything "amazing" about it. It will only be amazing to me. Everyone else will just *shrug* and go about their day. I mean yea aside from the idiots and/or news population which will of course revel in my glory and awww at me thinking I'm a god or genius or <insert-stupid-word-here>.

A business does shit because it shoots it's springs as soon as there is a noticeable amount of pressure. Your employees are whipped on a daily basis to spill all they have. Let them sit back and reflect (actually this isn't all that's required because they don't give a shit about you -- they only give a shit about themselves) and you'll have enough tension to do something worthwhile to separate you from the masses. This is entirely against typical business "plans". If you aren't minimizing costs by working your employees to the bone, you aren't running a business successfully. Think Tanks are where it's at, too bad you gotta have a fucking pHd to get a job at one. Even then, the thinkers are usually tasked with some somewhat trivial business problem. That and the fact that they ultimately don't give a shit about YOU and YOUR PROFIT/problems means bleh.

Google's goal is to "organize all the information in the world". This is true but what they fail to mention is that they have no intention of sharing it with the world. They use it for profit and because of this I deem them evil. They have a legal obligation to use it for profit, the free market is to blame for this. Their engineers are tasked with the problem of "how can we use the information in such a way to make more money for Google (and it's share holders)?", whereas I am tasked with "how can I spread freedom of information (all information, fuck censorship) as soon as possible?".

My goal is freedom of information, but there's so much to consider. Here are the extremes:
a) The free market idealogy of being greedy gives you more money which means you can "do more of" whatever you are doing (you become more successful at it!)
b) Being greedy ultimately means not sharing your information and it works against your original goal

Gah I have no idea how to solve that problem PRACTICALLY....... but I'm going to solve it HACKILY by utilizing "celebrity" and "advertising" (two random emergences in the free market) to pursue my goal. I still feel that it is a big problem that needs solving, but since I can't solve it and perhaps it is even unsolvable: fuck it. Do the best you can with the tools you have.