I felt like senior year of high school is when I learned how to speak at a certain level. I recall learning the standard fallacies and noticing the minor adjustments I needed to make in my speech to make less errors (small/simple/stupid/ez ex: would have written: to not make errors). Only recently have I delved into the depths of ambiguity. I've seen it from a distance and regarded it more or less as something criminals do and a form of hiding. Now, I'm definitely going to be using it to not get imprisoned for the victimless and non-evil crime of drugs. I still consider ambiguity to be a tool of corrupt/evil. My opinion that that is how things are is strengthened even more now that I myself have mastered the syntax (tempted to put: language). The mastering of it came slowly. My one night in jail made me see just how easy the police (or anyone controlling/influencing the police) can ruin your entire life. The charge did not directly have anything at all to do with ambiguity, but just being IN JAIL in general opened my eyes a lot. I now never refer to substances in communication when relating to the consumption of it by myself or others. I will still generally speak of them (I FUCKING LOVE DRUGS AND THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO TO STOP ME FROM SAYING THAT (well, you can always kill me...)), but I've finally succumb to the subtleties of ambiguity that my arch enemies use to commit [h]anus crimes on a daily basis... if for example I'm going to be dosing/purchasing/etc.

My point is this: the temptation to start fresh and utilize my newly mastered skill is there. I could ambiguify MyBrain and release it slowly instead of all at once (there is still a launch imminent). I'm amazed at how explicit you can still be while being ambiguious. Obviously I'll be glad that the un-ambiguious original is still in existence... but I could still "release every file I've ever created" with a touch of ambiguity.

I certainly wouldn't lie about the fact that I'm using ambiguity. I will speak plainly of it just as I am speaking of it right now. But I've said plenty of shit back in the day to maybe get myself arrested.

Considerations against ambiguity:
a) Fuck it. I've committed no [h]anus crimes so I could do a little bit of time no prob (the thought of a room all to myself where I don't have to worry about water/food/rent sounds.... quite nice. the only downside really is no computer/internets/drugs)
b) Truth. I enjoy being explicit and it would be a compromise of my being to go the ambiguious route


Anyone who calls me lazy/pessimistic should be presented with B. We are at A (the world is shit (I'm editting this in after finishing this paragraph: the world when interacting with others is shit. If I do my own thing and isolate myself away from all the bullshit that goes on in the overly corrupt and evil is winning world, then the world is pretty fucking amazing and I love it and would do anything if I thought it would help it get to B (I just don't see that path))). I tell them about B and inquire to them if they have a solution for how we get from A to B. Chances are they'll say something pathetic like "I don't know but we have to try". -_- cranking a wheel attached to nothing is a waste of effort.