blackness
I need to stop letting this 55+ year old baby dictate aspects of my life. If, before he goes to be with Jesus, he ever realizes the effect his behavior has on his family, he will start to weep. It's doubtful. I'm not going to challenge him. It's his house. BUT IT'S MY LIFE. I'll stay in my room. Things like water and bathroom breaks and food are a problem. Headphones and blocking him AND HIS TV THAT IS ON 24/7 as I walk to/from the kitchen will have to do. I've been giving serious thought into sewing a zipper onto my mouth. "For my first act of expression, I'm going to express the fact that I am unable to express myself". But I remember that that means I'm reacting to him; letting him dictate aspects of my life. I wish he wasn't so mean. I wish he didn't want to be mean. I realize that I am kind of like him (well, I am silent where he is loud... but I do enjoy being an asshole at times). I want to be loud like him, but focus on science/engineering/happiness instead of randomly bitching about politics and how my kids are lazy. I'll probably start taking meals in my room. I can live on bread and water. It's only until I make enough to move out.

Digressing, back to the point. I felt genuinely sad when I realized "so basically I want to black out his entire being from my perception". Live with him, but ignore him visually/sonically/etc. I felt bad and it really did upset me................ until I realized that he is doing the same thing to me........ but FOR EVERY OTHER HUMAN IN EXISTENCE. I may deny him expression to one person (me), but he is (unintentionally/unknowingly) denying my expression completely. I am a null and void human being until I stop letting him dictate my life (or move out, but guh 'money').

Calmly, "I think it's in your best interest to leave me alone", as I sit here post-launched and he comes in here to see who I'm talking to etc. Do warn him that he's being rec- (WAIT NO, THROAT MIC FTW). I do still want to record all the audio (failsafe + QUALITY), but I am not legally able to publish it if there's bullshit copyrighted material in the background. Fuck it.

OT: fair use says "archival purposes". Archiving my own expressions with copyrighted bullshit in the background? Meh I've thought of this before, but that was usually my own music playing in the background. IN THIS INSTANCE, I can't disable the background copyrighted audio: so I think it might make a decent court case. However, the government is run by corrupt asshats who take bribes left and right: they'd obviously rule in favor of the mega corporate tax cash cow over the expression of a single individual (especially when factoring in that I'm doing it commercially).

So I don't/won't feel bad for snuffing my dad out. He'a a) mean, b) surrounds himself with a cloud of illegal/copyrighted material the overwhelming vast majority of the time.