Last night I was shooting the shit with Caydon, talking about life stuff lol. I like to periodically remind him "but God's not real" etc whenever he talks about heaven and stuff. It surely wasn't the first time I've said it, and it's become almost like a running joke. He didn't seem to care or be sway-able for a good stretch of the past, just shrugged it off. Well last night I think he finally faced death. Maybe it was my saying "this is what I think: there might be a heaven and god, but there's no proof of it", or maybe he is just finally old/smart enough, I really don't know. Anyways, I explained to him that he won't feel/smell/see/hear/taste/think at all when he's dead. He'd say "I'll be sad", and I'd say "no you won't, you won't be anything". Well I guess he accepted it and faced it. He fucking starts bawling just out of nowhere. I ask him what's wrong and he musters up that he's scared of dying and not existing. I try to comfort him the best I can (hug). I felt kinda shitty but at the same time was kinda glad he faced it. I told him it was okay to be scared because it meant he loved life. Gave him the old spiel "focus on the good stuff"... "because there's a lot of good in life" (he agreed). We re-touched on a conversation we had 5-10 minutes back about nanomachines swimming in our blood and repairing us to live indefinitely, as well as cryonics. I also tried my best (using my hands) to explain to him the difference between linear increases in knowledge (pre- computers/etc) and how we (and especially our doctors) are now getting "really smart really fast" (I used my hands to show the difference between a linear and exponential increase). I didn't lie to him, told him it wasn't guaranteed. He said "well that does give us some hope" or something along those lines. I felt sad and happy simultaneously: sad that he was so afraid, but happy that he was facing/accepting the truth.

I think the older a person gets, the less likely they are to face/accept the truth: death. Caydon's almost 9, so he was still young enough. I'm kind of proud of him for crying and straight up saying he's afraid to die and not exist. I never faced it that way when I was his age. For me it was just a scary thought that I buried beneath the Christian teachings being flooded into my brain (but I obviously never forgot about it).