The reason the USA did so well is because there was a newly discovered continent available that hadn't been taken over yet (countries are held using violence/domination... the europeans were, by sheer luck, stronger than the native americans). The colonizers were able to examine their own governments, see the blatant faults in them, and start over from scratch. That ability to start over from scratch while still having access to their modern day technology/information is what made USA so much better than the governments of Europe/etc. They were smart enough to understand the concepts of freedom and democracy, and they did their best to erect a government that provided that for it's citizens. If there's one thing any government is good at, it's becoming corrupt. I think we need to start from scratch using our new level of intelligence, but I think starting from scratch has become impossible. Just like the British tried to take USA for themselves (Revolutionary War -- they failed), so too would the modern-day USA make any colonies on the Moon/Mars/etc their own. There is no more available/unclaimed land on Earth, so that's out of the question. Except unlike the British trying to take over early USA, the modern day USA would SUCCEED at taking over any newly erected government. Our weaponry has advanced far beyond the point where the 2nd amendment does anything with regard to the citizens keeping their government in check (but the 2nd amendment is still handy for self defense in general). Today USA has nukes, ICBMs, F-35 Raptors (sooo fuucking smecchzy I want a demilitarized one plx), and sniper rifles that shoot further than the length of my dick. They also have a healthy track record of "controlling" (sociopathically) other countries. As a simple example (but there are tons of others): In the Netherlands Marijuana is illegal, but unenforced. By my interpretations of reading wikipedia, the reason the Netherlands won't legalize weed is because the USA would basically stop trading with them and cut off their supply of resources if they did. Of course it's all very well hidden in ambiguity ("treaties"). Such sociopathic policies are tactics of war. Isn't it a common strategy when trying to "take over a castle" to simply surround it and cut off it's food supply? A new colony on the moon or mars would be attacked similarly. And if it was independent, it would be nuked outright. Democracy: where the FUCK do we go from here? Whatever the solution is, it must be THROUGH the USA. The USA is too strong and afraid to allow any other governments emerge.


Those who benefit most from the free market would see the robotic/mathematically-enforced-equality/normalcy/etc as a huge downgrade from their current lives. They rightfully/legally attained that power, so they `kinda` have the right to defend it. When it becomes a matter of survival for the species, perhaps they can be reasoned with... but I doubt it. And besides, if I was in their shoes I'd be hesitant-as-hell to surrender my power to the stupid-as-fuck government. The government tends to fuck everything up, and they know it.

But that's ignoring the fact that those who benefit most from the free market are the ones who control the government itself (lobbying is legal, brainwash/sociopathy (media) is easy/legal). They would obviously not up and decide to surrender their own power.


If I or anyone were to orchestrate/design/implement the robotic farms, my/their life would be in great danger. The person should be beneath the whitehouse in a nuke proof bunker miles and miles below. I'd be willing to live down there, and I'd even enjoy it (safe/etc). Live audio/video feed of me (or whoever) orchestrating the implementation. I'd probably have to cut off communication with my friends/family, because if I can hear about them being messed with, they can manipulate me without even having access to me. For such a noble cause I'd be willing to do that (one the implementation is complete, killing me or messing with my family would be less attractive (cept maybe for revenge)).

We have the technology, but our government infrastructure is not setup to transition.


OT: Someday someone will calculate that killing me is profitable. They will have long since calculated that killing people in general (competitors, etc) is profitable, so I'll just come across their desk as another bullet point (lol pun?) on a finance sheet. The question is whether or not I want to let that fact change the way I live. "Welcome to life! Now that you understand what it is, it's time to decide how you want to die".