On a micro scale, it makes sense to utilize maximum security to prolong the "life". On a macro scale (infnite "balls of chaos", of which you are just a single "line" of electricity (your life span) on a single ball. The balls represent "bang instances" or could even just be "instances of life". There can be duplicates because there are infinite of them and also infinite time and each one follows the laws of mathematics (otherwise it isn't a duplicate! but i guess they don't HAVE to idfk) and therefore DUPLICATES HAVE TO EXIST. I'm talking 1:1 replicas. I just proved to myself (I have lower standards than "Science") that replica universes exist. I mean I've been pretty confident for a while but now I am confident enough to entrust my life in the fact, as I am just about to!), doing so brings your being to a halt.

Willing each universe to "maximize security" brings all of them to a halt (except the ones that aren't maximizing security... but you aren't living in those if you choose to maximize security) because then all time is spent securing instead of living (the thing you are attempting to secure).

It seems suicidal on a micro scale (and even IS suicidal, relative to singular humans on single balls of chaos), but the only way to make true progress is to plunge forward and not fear death. Prevent it where you can, but do not fear it and cower. To fear it and to cower it to do nothing (unless you count "preparing" as doing something. I don't). You WILL die on the micro scale. That means you yourself Steven Curtis Wieler II might die. You just have to cling to your dying thought in confidence: in alternate [mostly] dulicates, a slight ("slight" is reason for "mostly") variation allowed me to live past this point. I can cling to that. It is math. Math makes sense. What else is there to cling to? Love? Surely definitely, but I don't see the two as conflicting with or having anything to do with each other. One is a certainty of a future. The other is just a warm "loved" feeling as you drift (had: drive lol typo definitely) away.

Am I now accepting my death? What will it be? Won't it happen many many times before it succeeds?


I am interested in the fact that "I can only be alive in universes where I haven't died". It is difficult for me to understand the transition. Perhaps there is none and death is ultimate. BUT since I am recreated as a duplicate then I feel singular and therefore I live on and am [usually] not even aware of the death I have evaded!


My mind is mathematically correct series of electicity and electric circuits. My hardware has evolved a confusing technique called "emotion" and it is perhaps this emotion that makes me feel ridiculously and indescribably attached to my hardware, to the point where I fear death in a paralyzing manner. Since my mind is mathematically correct and since infinity (infinite time at the very least) exists, my mind can be duplicated (and my hardware too (hardware specifications are written in DNA and DNA is you [too])) in alternate balls of chaos. In each one I feel singular. This is perhaps because of emotion but may only be because of a lack of understanding and/or intelligence(!!!).


I am not able to ask myself "am I alive?" unless I am first alive, so all I have to do is ask that and answer myself yes in order to acknowledge a point in a duplicate's state (still more or less convinced that it all repeats itself (don't give a fuck, because FEEL FEELS REAL (and so is))) of existence. All alternate deaths did not occur in this one because I am not dead. If death finds me, I will not be able to ask it and therefore will not be able to miss myself either.

There are worse things than death is definitely a big concern, but also all wrongs can be righted given unlimited time (and chaotic variations). That doesn't mean the wrongs won't still happen. It sure as shit doesn't and I have no solution to that.




I can only ever be "the set of chaotic balls whose light has not run out", and there will always be enough balls left to keep one alive. Therefore anything I do, I stay alive. This reminds me of that movie with the Transformers kid and about selling Whiskey. Those brothers who said they could never die. The same train of thought is useful in having confidence for what I'm proposing, even though it won't always be true. When you introduce brothers into the equation then there will exist a lot of scenarios where your brothers die and you remain alive (but the scenario cannot emerge where your brothers live and you die... because you cannot envision or analyze or think about that scenario because you are dead (Sure it still happened, but relative to you and what you perceived/experienced/lived-through: it didn't)).


From a macro scale, it makes sense to put every ball into full blast mode and to not fear death etc. Balls will always survive. You will have a much more interesting life and people around you will drop like flies etc etc and shit will get incredibly gory perhaps, but YOU will never die (until the big collapse I guess). And of course if you do die, you don't notice. That's perhaps the best way to explain it: "You won't notice when you're dead". T-Shirt time fuck yea!?!?!? Seriously that might be the coolest small saying I've ever come up with. It definitely borrows from that one guy whose name slips me. "When Death Comes, I am Not". That guy!