I keep finding myself forgetting 1 small thing. That thing tends to be random as fuck. I wonder if it's my subconscious telling me I'm stupid (this is true and already known, so...). Some things are important and some not. To solve this I propose software (implicitly timelining most likely) in which you "make a request" to do something (anything), and the software guides you through the steps so you don't forget a thing. An example would be "I want to take a road trip to X". The software could tell you exactly what to pack and you simply check things off as you go along. That example is easily seen as a template (to any destination), and many of such template/categories could be fed into the software (and more added later). Another example could be "I want to add a feature X to software Y", it walks you through the design/implementation (perhaps someday those two are one step ;-P) and even writing/executing the tests.

There is huge risk of humans running on auto-pilot and of course becoming complete fucking retards, BUT what it solves ("forgetting one thing" causing a severe accident and possibly even death) is also extremely useful. I for one could use it and probably not become overly dependent on it -- I am a programmer and am likely to be the person to implement it, so I'll always be able to "know" what I'm doing even as I interact in an extremely automated fashion with the software. Others, especially future generations who see version 99999999999 of the software, won't have such an easy time being able to know they are really in manual control of their body (should they choose to exercise it).

The main objective of such software is to eradicate the possibility of forgetting a thing when dealing with any/all VITAL LIFE FUNCTIONS, but obviously it can be expanded to deal with any everyday activity.


David and Arby and I were walking through Riparian and I think David said "what if in the future they have machines that let you watch people in that past's experiences like in a movie theater?". An interesting thought, and my response was "and what if they watch it so long that they forget they're in a movie theater?" -- but I didn't say it, only thought it. I wanted to say it, but [...]. Fuck.