[Psychedellic] drugs are not required to understand life, but they help you think outside the box (if you've never tried drugs and think you already have the ability to think outside the box.... you're RIGHT... but you're [probably] still not thinking outside the box near as much as you would on drugs). In fact, you zoom out of the box (your life/consciousness) and see infinite almost-identical boxes in a metaphorical/logical plane... and you start to think about other things entirely; things that can't even be written in words. You'll wish you could write them down, but when you come to, you're unable to find words for most of it. "Lines and shapes and shit". Speaking of coming to: When I come to and zoom back down into my singular box and look through my eyes at the world I live in, my reaction is almost always the same: I audibly say "what the fuck?".


And then forgetfulness pours in slowly over the next few days, and the lack of SOLID EVIDENCE makes me wonder if there is only one box. If there is only one box, I [metaphorically] curl up in the fetal position out of fear it will be destroyed.

If only I can retain my confidence that there are infinite multiverses (HOLY SHIT I KNOW A WAY TO OBTAIN EVIDENCE OF THAT (FOR ONLY ME)), I could live a much more satisfying life.



I don't want to die, but I do want to perform the scientific tests to prove to myself there are infinite universes. I could do it in the desert (so animals would eat my body) and leave a note to my family (so they wouldn't WONDER for the rest of their lives in those 99.99999999% of universes where it [expectedly] kills me). I could easily rig a shotgun trigger puller connected to a software PRNG, but honestly I'm too much of a pussy to do it that way. Seems too painful and nuts. I don't want to even know I die. Not even for the briefest of moments. I think a shotgun to the head would give you a PRETTY FAST death, but still I'd imagine time would slow the fuck down and all that usual life flashing before your eyes stuff would go on (AND I KNOW I'D GET THE ULTIMATE DEPRESSION AND REGRET MY DECISION TO EXECUTE THAT SCIENCE TEST DURING ALL THAT (and it'd be too late to stop it)). So I think some kind of nitrous induced sleep and a gillotine to the neck and triple (just to be sure) shotty to the head would be better (honestly, once I'm asleep, I doubt I'd feel it so it doesn't matter (but shit I could be wrong (it makes me wonder if there are ANY ways to die without knowing it. that is untestable unfortunately. I've seen videos of people dying where there head literally explodes near-instantly. No time to REACT, true... but that doesn't mean there isn't time to PROCESS what is going on)).