Infinite Multiverse Theory Testing -- Ethics and Consequences of Recording/Sharing

You could record yourself performing the test 50 times in a row and use that as ample proof to someone that infinite multiverse theory exists... but you shouldn't.

I'd say the safest bet is to not involve documentation of it being performed at all (MAYBE a suicide/explaination note for the first one only... but even that's a tad risky).

Say it works and you "survive" it the 1/100 rate 5x times in a row... well there will still be infinite universes where you died on the 5th attempt. People will still find your recording and see 4 successful attemps and understand why to their perspective the the 5th one failed. HOWEVER, most of the universes (most of infinite? wtfz?) will see you die on the very first. 99% of infinity (wtf?) for the 1/100 rate.

Actually I'm failing to remember why them finding your camera and all priors as proof enough is such a bad thing... but I'll continue with one that's definitely bad [for you] (which means that the entire fucking idea is bad... for your peers (family especially)):
If you record yourself doing it 5x in a row and show it to someone and convince them, they're bound to try it. HOWEVER THEY WILL MOST LIKELY DIE ON THE FIRST ATTEMPT FROM _YOUR_ PERSPECTIVE.

So if you value your friends/family, you CANNOT tell them about it (hmm maybe should tell enemies about it hahahaha (but (but my mind hurts thinking about what the implications of that would be heh (it would make them powerful in some universes... but not the one you're in?)))).


This is a weird problem I've stumled upon. What could be some of the most interesting implications ever discovered... shouldn't be shared...


In _ANY_ case, it would be mean/selfish to subject your peers (friends/family) to. If it works, 99% of the universes still see you dead. If it fails, 100% of them do.


It stirs up the old question about the individual vs the collective... and meh I still lean toward the invididual because nobody experiences a collective. Collective is a concept, not an experience. You experience a collective... individually.


Long term will's ability to undo hardcoded programming (fear of death): that it'd just be as simple as "going to sleep" and "waking up" to perform the test is an example of long (well, not that long in this case) term will. Pulling a trigger on a gun aimed at your head takes short term will and would likely be very difficult. I'm not too sure about this and never could be unless I compared the two lmfao... but in general it sounds a lot simpler to turn a nozzle/press-a-button to make you fall asleep than to pull a trigger on a gun aimed at your head.


The death dealt should be multiple methods. Cyanide, bullet to brain, decapitation, etc etc etc.


I understand and acknowledge that the sleep doesn't really do ANYTHING AT ALL.... but it just helps with fear I suppose. Honestly it sounds less scary than pulling a trigger aimed at my head (or pressing cyanide/decapitation/etc button while awake). You write the software that performs it and that is sort of "long term will". You can feel as though you are going to throw up as you write/test the software and rig the machine... but you'd be dealing with it all slower than a single moment of trigger pulling. The turn of the nitrous nozzle is probably what would equate, however.


I am scared and fascinated by this test. I almost wish I was [still] suicidal so then it'd be zero risk to perform.


As a LOL safety net: decapitation and your head falls info a freezer and does notify your peers. If it fails but cryonics succeeds, you still get to live :-P. BUT THEN ACTUALLY YOU AREN'T PERFORMING THE TEST BECAUSE YOUR CHANCES OF WAKING UP IN THE CRYONICALLY REVIVED FUTURE ARE 99% (assuming 100% chance of cryonics working)! You'll then wake up in the future and say "oh I guess the test failed" (when really you can't make that conclusion).


You have to be the person to perform it. If you convince someone else to perform it, they will most likely just die. It is a test where only the person performing the test gets results... and they only get results if it's successful.


Infinite time?
INFINITE TIME??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Hunches/science/logic all say yes.


Attempting to transplate mentality to survival state (admitting it's impossible but humoring the thought): Ok it worked, now what? What does this mean? It doesn't provide any protection for my environment. It doesn't gain me any "powers". Sure it means I can live differently... but where does that apply? I shouldn't tell my family/friends because then they'd want to try it. And what is the benefit? If there isn't any except curiosity......... wtf?!?!? Stupid. Are the benefits only seen after it's performed, have I never tried to think about it before, or am I just braindead right now and unable to think/remember them. Yes "fearless" comes to mind, BUT REMEMBER: your environment can still be attacked... so actually can't be fearless. Wtf are the benefits?

I've written about the implications... but have I taken it to the benefits of said implications??? If there aren't any, then it isn't worth it because it makes your peers in 99% of the universes mourn your death. Emotion is all there really is so why fuck with theirs?