While staring at an empty text editor on my ONLINE box (I'm starting a new "no input" attempt, in addition to kicking the bottle (physical addiction is physical. ima stick to 420 blaze it faggot)), I came up with the following (but yea am writing this on my offline box ofc):

a) I want to code for fun
b) I want to make money to get the fuck out of this house

And then there's this bastard child (c) that combines the two: I want to code for money. I swear I want to fucking shoot that bastard child (c).


...right to life, LIBERTY, pursuit... yada yada. emphasizing liberty/freedom atm.
Well fuck I know this isn't going to get anywhere because democracy is an overpowered piece of shit, but I guess it's just worth mentioning that it doesn't specify WHERE you have the right to freedom. You have way more freedoms (alcohol, weed (in some states), nudity, just to name a SMALL few) in your own home than you do in the general public. I find that to be bullshit. You can't be rewarded with freedoms that every citizen should have just because you've lent your will to your elders/peers in exchange for a house. Every 18 year old (well this should be younger too but I digress) should have the same amount of freedom: the maximum/minimum/singular/binary/bool-freedom-equals-true amount of freedom. There should be no different levels of freedom from one citizen to the next.


People always say "life's not fair", and I've even said it myself. But oh so a guy spends his whole life building a house and aquiring property etc etc and then some schmuck comes along and bashes his fucking skull in and takes over his his house and property in a seconds. Is that fair? No. So isn't it true that the reason we have laws in place is an attempt to make life fair? Viola mother fuckers, solve world hunger already.


The "projects" (shitty public housing) were possibly a decent idea that got "cost minimized" until they turned into a shit idea. I mean I doubt it (I've seen no such plans), I'm just saying it's a possibility. But with what every project ever built is/was, they are pathetic designs that should never have been implemented. My "cube grid"/"normalcy" shit is extremely similar to the "projects": food stamps and a free place to live. The problem with the projects was it's lack of security for residents. Sound proof, bullet proof, and secure tunnel access from any room in the building to any other room in the building (an automated/modular/hydraulic-whatever system etc could be used to save real estate). On the grander scale that secure tunnels access would be universal: From any room in the universe you can safely travel through a government protected tunnel into any other room in the universe. On the shorter term then maybe the buildings could have "let out" and various (tons) of places (but yea then those become focal points and idk there's ways to combat that but eh it's all complicated as fuck and I'd rather not get into it) thoughout the city/area that the buildings stands in. I mean let me put this simple as fuck: 100 feet down a long dark hallway with 20+ doors on each side is not only unsafe, it's freaky as fuck for those more likely to be victims of violent crime of any kind (was at first only going to mention rape). But make it so your elevator goes UP and then when you get to your floor it goes SIDEWAYS and opens up and blamo you're in your fucking living room? That danger is fucking gone.

Obviously "more expensive", sure. But what the fuck do we expect to achieve as a species? I'll tell you what we'll achieve: we'll be the most profitable species that we'll ever know (1st place out of 1). We already hand ourselves medals and shit left and right for all kinds of random ass made up achievements, it'd be hilarious if it wasn't so damn sad.

You know what let's get it overwith: I hearby award the human species of Earth the most profitable species award. You have demonstrated an expertise in business management and financial economics. Congratulations and thank you for your continued efforts.