Paranoia (usb hub up/down tx, infrared (finger positions + kb signals, but also CNS?))

1/3 was wrong/minimum


Is a USB hub a switch or a router? Will plugging in my keyboard into the 2nd port ON the pc (even though it is an internal hub) tell the other port my keystrokes? I read up some (not much) and learned that "most" (lol wut) device->pc messages are not shared with sibling devices... but that all pc->device messages are. So does the PC ack a keyboard stroke with a confirmation of the key itself (probably not, but who knows (they do :()).


Blanket over head method to thwart tiny security cameras won't do shit if the cameras have infrared mode. An aluminum foil blanket should instead be used. Oh shit nice I think I have one in my garage... in some car survivor kit thing with a bunch of expired food too (I always wanted to try some and was bummed just a little ago to discover it's expired and never got used fffff).

The infrared cam could easily watch your fingers through the blanket and get your password that way, but another way they could get the password is by watching the lit up wires in the keyboard, and perhaps even the usb cable coming from it. Maybe this is too paranoid I don't know (but the infrared finger analysis certainly isn't), or maybe it's just a prediction that's ahead of it's time and it's just a matter of more precise/advanced cameras being developed.

And the most paranoid of all: even if not factoring infrared, you can see veigns/tendons etc raising/lowering all over a person's hands, arms, neck... and maybe some parts of the head/brain. Covering all of your head down to your fingers would thwart any possibilities of that. But OK, we are electric beings so theoretically our central nervous systems (or hell, even brains) could be watched with infrared cameras (precision needed, give it time) and the keys we press, or at least which fingers were used (greatly reducing brute force attack vectors), could be determined.

And now some lulz, tying back into the USB hub signal sharing stuff :-D: does my central nervous system only send electric singals to my arms/fingers when I type.... OR does it "broadcast" all the way down my spinal cord? Do I need to wrap myself in foil all the way down to my butt (where spinal coord ends) so the un-used messages can't be infrared captured? Shit it could be even worse that I have to wrap my legs/feet (WHOLE FUCKING BODY) in foil... I simply don't know enough about how the CNS works.

Well I hope you got as much lulz from that as I did. Security is a bitch. I keep stumbling on the blatant contradiction in "I want to patch my thoughts to my speech" vs. "I cannot speak my password". FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF. I figure that if I have to store one password, I might as well have a whole series of encrypted/kept-secret shenanigans. I am basically almost slipping down the slippery slope. Encryption/hacking/clock-n-dagger fun has been tempting me lately... but I'd rather be "good" and "in the public's" eye.. for various reasons. I'm not going to fall down that slope. I'll make one exception for bitcoins and that's it. I'll likely be the first famous hacker that didn't get famous from getting caught. I just watched Hackers 2: Takedown again the other day :-P. "I just gotta know" ROFL. Also the using friends to store half your passwords idea is worthless if your friend does not practice security as seriously as you (body wrapped in foil and all). If their half is compromised, you are no longer drunk proof.


Oh and yea I wrote that you need to visit 1/3 of your friends if you accidentally drunkely leak your password.. but that isn't accurate because of the randomness of the sharding. It's a random number between 1/3 of your friends and all of them. Very likely not all of them but also very likely not exactly 1/3 of them. If it was exactly 1/3 of them, your sharding strategy sucks.


I didn't realize this before I started writing this doc... but now that I'm done writing it and about to save it... I think I just decided to wrap myself in foil whenever accessing the secure machine xD. I know it's probably "ahead of it's time".... but it would be difficult to impossible to predict "when" it would be necessary (since "the bastards" will likely develop the technology behind closed doors and use it for a period of time before letting the general public know about and/or have access to the required advanced cameras (and tbh, such precise cameras might already exist!!!! I have no idea!!!)). I mean it's very easy for me to understand that infrared could be watching me through my window/wooden-blinds (or roof) right this very moment. Hello realtime........ government,aliens,hackers,whoever/whatever. You enjoying reading this? Say hello already god damnit. Ahh well fuck it I'll just launch and be happy KNOWING I'm being watched :). Fuck paranoia. Fuck privacy, it does not exist (hackers2: "privacy? never heard of it").


OT-ish: using a string of dictionary words like I'm doing does provide a shit ton of security and is much easier to memorize than random letters/numbers/symbols.... BUT if the adversary brute forcing your key knows you're using dictionary words... then he can reduce significantly the amount of attemps. I mean sure there's a fucking shit ton of "all the availale words in the dictionary in every different order"... BUT there's less of those than "all the available CHARACTERS for the same length". It is because of this that I've decided to use (or rather, "up" my) encryption rounds (I've landed on the password being utilized in a KeePass db... it was either that or straight into a tc volume -- either would be secure and it was a coin toss lol). By using/upping encryption rounds, you gain back some of of the security "lost" by using only dictionary words instead of characters/numbers/symbols. I spent a good 5-10 minutes trying to determine if encryption rounds even had a point when your password is over 256-bits in length... and this paragraph is the result of it. tl;dr: no use for encryption rounds if using random characters/numbers/symbols.... UNLESS your string of random characters/numbers/symbols is less than 256-bits in length. A random string of characters/numbers/symbols >= 256-bits can be "brute force attempted" WITHOUT the brute forcer doing the "rounds" at all. Use of dictionary words, even if many are used, is a different story (ok that wasn't very tl;dr).