I said no to babysitting my nephew at my sister's house because my parent's decided to go out for dinner during the time that I'd be babysitting. I also refused to drop him off at school in the morning. I am sorry Kelsi; I am sorry Caydon. My work is affecting my relationships in a negative manner. Still, I can't break my new-security-model (never leave house unless parents are home) just for something trivial (aside: I'm about to break it for ~20 mins to go get drugs (spice) and Carls Jr. _WTF_). It's hard to say "I can't watch Caydon at your house because I don't want to leave my computer home alone" without sounding too paranoid and/or letting those listening know that I am extremely vulnerable (perhaps they already know, but there is a growing rate of observers: and of course even my family members are them!). My offline machine is easily compromised as soon as physical security is lost. My grandmother's birthday is coming up later this week, idfk how to solve that. I am losing my mind but the smartest thing I can do is to SHUT THE FUCK UP about it. I have to 'act' as if I am secure. I have to act as if I have multiple offsite backups, even though I have one stale one. It is usually stale by a matter of months. Oh god my head hurts and I know exactly why. Re-organizing my data to at least have more backups (and preferably more offsite backups too) needs a bump in priority methinks. I don't need SSD as they are expensive, but I do need to re-organize the structure (including the censoring/shredding?). One thing I have yet to decide in that regard is whether or not I will make porn. LMFAO. I _might_ censor overly vulgar previously made porn and attempt a... slightly-more (but still far from) politically correct "life". Slightly-more = no porn, still far from = I have a vulgar fucking mouth and refuse to censor THAT. Dr. Seuss and Walt Disney inspire me to be "kid friendly" with my works (even though I'll probably mostly make code (who knows where free will will take me! that's a very exciting thought! i may very well make a movie in the future, no idea)). I think you can still send a powerful and pursuasive and non-compromising message in a kid friendly format. You just can flale around senselessly (which might be a prereq for true bliss!!!!!!!!!!!!) and impulsively doing vulgar activity X at will and on a whim (and of course recording it :-P).

I think the question is: Is being able to make porn (and actually following through with that (since I know I probably will)) a prerequisite for true bliss?

Is a less bliss (one without porn) an order of magnitude less significant, or is it "good enough"? Testing this is impossible without an experiment group (making porn), which obviously has a dependency error. I will always be ignorant and wonder if I'm missing... more bliss.

Does not making porn modify my train of thought? I would argue no, but I can't actually say with a 100% guarantee that that's the case. I could have come up with god knows what idea... WHILE MAKING PORN... that I then wouldn't come up with... just because the contexts aren't the same. The opposite also holds true, however: I could think up better stuff because I'm NOT making porn (not distracted, for instance (though I find distractions tend to help (passively and in the long term))).

If under all circumstances I am going to censor myself when around familyChildren (almost wrote family/children, but eh I think I can/should be myself around non-children family!)... (because I don't see myself hanging out with non-family children (though I guess I'd treat them the same and censor myself?), which includes vulgarity in speech............... [SOMETHING CAN BE DERIVED FROM THIS, BUT I DON'T THINK IT SOLVES ANYTHING LARGE].

I am only asking what I will do when not in the presence of... say... Caydon. He is the simplest example, but there are other family members who I would feel inclined to censor myself around (perhaps even my own children someday? wtf? On the other hand I'd hope to NOT censor myself around them (my own, since I can make that decision for them (but should I, the parent, be able to? What if they end up fucked up as shit?))!?!?!? WTFWTF). In the precense of Caydon I will not act vulgar or speak vulgar. When I am not in the presence of Caydon, I will speak vulgar..... but how will I act?

Ultimately it boils down to choice. You can't logic your way through this one COMPLETELY. There are tons of pros and cons in either direction, but at the end of the day you are forced into making a decision.

-There is no going back from porn, but you can decide to do it later.
-The biggest pro to making porn (and biggest con to not making it) is the whole "true bliss might require complete free will to be attained", which is only test-able while making porn!

From the above two bullet points, there is a logical path that allows me to also have a Control group for comparison. I can start off by not making porn and then see if I can attain 'true bliss' without it (how will I know I'm not missing out on something extra? there is NO WAY OF KNOWING, I would only be able to guess/assume/hope!) for my control group, then later after boredom or because I conclude true bliss probably requires complete free will: I start making porn and now have my experiment group :-D. If I jump straight into making porn, I have no control group! So in the name of "Science" (tm), I should 2-step it? OK OK it's hard for me not to volunteer the information that it's also convenient that I'll be "raising the dimmer" for dat one girl to maybe say she likes me >_<. I guess that's just a huge friggin bonus on top of being scientifical (copyright 2013 d3fault). I think in this paragraph I have finally made headway. I am a bit worried (a fair bit tbh) that it is the wrong decision and that I'll puss out of making porn and true bliss will never be achieved, but it still has some logical correct'ness to it that I can't ignore. By 2-stepping into it, I am giving myself a "control" group for bliss and also possibly "winning" the love of my life. I mean for that reason alone it is worth it, but she has shown no interest so it's hard for me to say "be persistent" with that being the case :-/.

I am now back to "physically-secured-and-hidden" porn box that will someday be physically shredded if Kaylee wills it (or I guess I could), or that will be released verbatim if I decide to go into porn mode :-P.

Yes, there is the issue of paranoia of jacked. Of someone finding it and them having the only copy and being able to dangle it above my head and make me jump (I should have multiple copies (even though this mulitplies chances of being found) so that I can just switch to porn mode if that were to happen)...... but I mean I guess I'm supposed to chalk these up as "compromises"? In the same sense, giving up all hope of kaylee is a "compromise" to my making porn! There is compromise either way, it's just that only one involves 'paranoia of jacked'. The other involes love. Will I sacrifice a BIT of paranoia of jacked (only of old porn) in the name of love? Why yes, I think it would be quite stupid if I didn't. The paranoia of jacked can also be erradicated upon physical shredding (assuming relative confidence that nobody found/copied it in the meantime (has to be a damn good physical hiding place)).

I feel as though I am better at "seeing the big picture" [of my life etc, but also in code] than.. say... last month. I am beginning to understand and accept reality, up to and including the parts I do not understand (my subconscious). Maybe it's because I'm stepping back and caring less (a result of "gravity drop" inducing my 'rushing'?), or maybe I've just analyzed shit enough to finally be able to make the connections I've been trying to make!?!?!? I haven't the slightest, but it's nice knowing that I'm still growing smarter each and every day. I hope that never becomes false.

Weird that "not caring" was the key to getting here, and at the end of it all... I care quite much (just about my own weird and specific things). I care about life, computers, and drugs (s/drugs/bliss perhaps?). Everything else is bullshit. DO NO HARM but aside from that, do whatever the fuck you want. "Freedom to *", not "Freedom from <blacklist>", and especially not "Freedom to <whitelist>". The government cannot actively predict how society will be changed by it's constituents. If such changes were predictable, they would simply come to be instead. I should also note that patents/etc give us this scenario: "Freedom to * except <blacklist>"........ FUCKING BULLSHIT. I am digressing like fuck now.