Since every project CAN tie back to the timeline, every project DOES tie back to the timeline (at least theoretically in the future)... which ultimately means I can't start any individual project without starting the timeline project. That is true if I am trying to be efficient and not rewrite code later.
There are different kinds of efficiencies.
One efficiency is no redundancy.
One efficiency is "minimal amount of time spent to accomplish requirements".
The two kinds of efficiencies can and do contradict each other. What I mean to say is that they make certain things impossible. What those things are I can't really even remember I am kinda lost. *re-reads in order to re-gain temporary rememberance (but this shit is way too deep to remember 24/7/365/death)*. One place they contradict each other is in the very first sentence (woot re-reading pays off in other ways).

If my goal ("requirement") is money, I should not start the project since starting it in a "no-redundancy" (properly implemented and properly designed piece of software) manner by coding the timeline first takes up too much time. BECAUSE: in order to properly design (had:code) the timeline, all/lots-of aspects of it need to be examined simultaneously. The timeline needs to be done right (KISS + modular -- do the two contradict each other sometimes?)

Put another way:
a) The coder that plans to rewrite code sux at coding (my mind is unfortunately quite slow and has a limited attention span (both spatial and timewise), which means I can never be the perfect coder I am able to theorize (in this very sentence) can exist, I have too limited of memory. It may be that my CPU is too slow, but I doubt it. It just isn't being used the same way as this computer I'm typing into, that's why it doesn't SEEM as fast. The subconscious is the CPU. Dreams are just random, probably just pseudo-random, but perhaps even intentional at some point in consciousness. They are random "lighting" of that physical section of brain. Probably some correlation with endorphins here. Maybe: We sleep because our CPU/subcionscious needs to do mandatory tasks 'vital life' tasks. It thinks they are vital tasks. They are at the very least vital for life (if you don't sleep, you die). They may very well be optional later on (sleep very well may be optional in the future), but the electronic system that I am very probably has other routine (like us, also randomly generated/evolved-from-chemical(-pseudo(?))-chaos) software still laying around in our brains))
b) I need to code to make money asep

I did write (b) at the very end of writing the tangent in (a), but now I'm trying to resume that tangent in (a). Ahh yes, the most important part: Dreaming IS one of those routine/possibly-necessary-otherwise-death-comes-from-idk-segfault(?) taks performed while sleeping. It's native evolved code: wetware. It doesn't have to make sense but the code must be followed otherwise there is no system to begin with. I think the forelobe/upper-consciousness/ME is an emotional sensical self aware operating system that is somehow detached from the core operations of my body. I mean, I know this to be true because that's how my DNA is known to work. The DNA parts only do a specific task after a certain amount of time (that doesn't mean there can't still be mistakes->evolutions(lol idk word to use here)). We are a consciously pseudo-separate part of the brain, connected and maintained physically to/by the rest of our brain (incl. subconscience). Even if the subconscious lives in the forelobe (which I've shown it does since it maintains the forelobe), I am mostly referring to strict "consciousness vs. subconcious" thoughts when I mention the "forelobe" and "other parts of the brain". The actual lobes and their functions are implementation-details/irrelevant. So dreaming is a routine where your molecules of memories are probably-spontaneously-but-idfk-tbh 'probed' and/or otherwise 'lit'/activated. Sights are re-seen, new sights are seen/synthesized-fictionally(?).

Tangent: Since when we are lucid dreaming, we control what is written into the dreamlog part of the brain (perhaps a circular/ring buffer?): something cool to try is to try to tell your brain to synthesize a new smell. You can summon audio and video so why not smells? They say the nose is the most sensitive sensor... so maybe we could smell some pretty good shit. Something unique, pleasant, and intensely stronger than anything we've ever encountered in our waking (and probably sober) state.


Since we're well into the learning experience, we can deduce that it is an endless experience. To keep us running full throttle "it's life or death so innovate, submit, or die" is not necessary. Imo it is better to know less and to enjoy knowing/living than to know more and not enjoy knowing/living (because nobody enjoys work (work is a prerequisite of living atm)).

There is an infinite amount of things we can learn, so making learning (or submitting) a life and death situation (since innovators must first learn) only gets us to a requirement faster. We have no requirement atm, at least not one that I've heard of. Right now it's "profit oh and also stay alive". As we all know that ultimately there is no goal except that which man chooses to make a goal, we can never reach all of our goals simultaneously so we can never all reach our goals because that would be a way there is no more things to learn. So since there is an infinite amount of things to learn, we will always be stuck in an "innovate, submit, or die" reality... unless we will (vote) ourselves out.

It may be the case that continuing the use of this "full blast fuck your happiness nigguh" use of the "free market" is necessary on the short term, at least until we are all indefinite. But it may also be the case that indefinence is discovered faster by giving every human the opportunity to think deep. I don't think "evenings and weekends" gives the human being enough free time to think deep. Yes there are exceptions and yes there is even shallow "deep" thought (because deep is relative to normal, even the first shovel scoop is technically deep). I would argue that for the most part, "evenings and weekends" aren't enough time to get deep enough into thought to be able to (1) ask, and (2) answer the slew of "who am I? what am I? what do I want?" etc deep thoughts that come from a conscience evolved spontaneously from motherfucking stardust (somehow the word 'motherfucking' both gives it oomf and is kinda sorta scientifically accurate xD ;oP).

Backtracking to a thought from earlier tonight: "fucked" is a word that describes us in at least 2 ways. I was thinking it might be the best word to describe us. It is a pun first of all. It means (a) had sex to get there, and (b) destined/doomed to pain/death. "fucked" describes both the coming up and the going (had:falling) down. "Fuck" has tons of other meanings/uses as well, so there are likely more than 2 ways that "fucked" describes us.