Two conflicting infinities

To "facts" (not philosophical or mathematical... but logical... to me) that appear to contradict each other when put next to each other (have I written about this before? I can't remember. I mean yes I _DEFINITELY_ have (keep reading (err actually mindfart goes here (too(???????????????))), but have I in this instance is what I'm really asking):
1) There is infinite previous time (future time is also infinite, but for now we're not talking about it)
2) There are infinite variations of existence


I'm pretty sure I have analyzed this before and concluded that (2) relates to space, which even if infinite has finite configurations with the rest of infinity being whitespace (empty)... and (1) being err yea time.


But I want to raise some doubt that "infinite variations" actually means "finite configurations with infinite surrounding whitespace".

I mean don't get met wrong I do actually believe that if there is infinite space (again, can't imagine an "end")... that only the part that is our spherically shaped universe is RELEVANT (empty/outer = whitespace/zeros/whatever)................................... but the doubt I'm raising is that "infinite variations"...... doesn't also involve the time element.

It's really hard to get this out of my brain: if two molecular vector frame configurations match exactly, but the events leading up to them does not, is it still the same?

Blah what am I getting at....


I mean sure I've accepted and am OK with repeating myself infinitely (feel feels real fuggit), but I do still ponder on what is free will and if anything new can ever happen.

Earlier I've said "no" then later I've said "yes!".... and now I'm back to "I have no idea" (my default state). It doesn't MATTER and I refuse to let it eat away at me: I will still live a fulfilling and enjoyable life dancing frantically knowing I can-be/AM(??????) repeating myself.... but it tickles my curiosity and isn't painful to think about it: so I will. It's confusing, yes.. but not aggravating (if it becomes...).

I have no further thoughts on this subject, but I wish I did.