Plateau Counter-Argument (Patents)


Since I'm constantly plateauing in new areas of thought (a statment I've been wanting to write alone for some time now), here is a counter-argument to going public. Or I guess I should say, "staying private for a while". It factors in none of my other considerations such as paranoia etc. Since I'm constantly plateauing, I leave certain thoughts/tangents at each level left alone because I deem them obvious, less important, and to be dealt with later (perhaps I leave a context reminder in the form of a "TODO".. but that "TODO" is what picks up the train of thought to lead back to the "obvious" [idea/invention]).


Obvious-ness is subjective, therefore smart people can't share information that would lead to "obvious" (to them) inventions that are not "obvious" to the common-man/government (government has a monetary incentive to see an idea as "non-obvious" (that and they're a government employee so most likely stupid)). The smart person sharing information shoots himself in the foot. He is better off not sharing [for a while]. He is better off not sharing until he can document the key/OBVIOUS-TO-HIM tangents/ideas (which may be subjectively seen as patentable) available at each plateau (lol I'd never launch if I did that).

It is even defined in law itself as "what an 'ordinary person' would consider obvious". THIS IS FUCKING BULLSHIT. The "ordinary person" must first KNOW EVERYTHING THAT THE WRITER (ME IN THIS CASE) KNEW AT/AROUND THE TIME OF PLATEAU'ing in order to calculate whether the "patented idea" is obvious or not. Without being in the same state of mind (which is impossible), it will always appear non-obvious.

I am intelligent, but only in my own area. If I was used as an "intelligent ordinary person" (which is above what the law even calls for) and asked to deem whether an idea is non-obvious and that the subject was a subject I am not familiar with (there are many... chemistry, physics, medicine).... I would probably see it as non-obvious... for the sole reason that I don't have knowledge in the subject of discussion. The judges and lawyers probably don't either (jack of all trades lawyers/judges? yea fucking right).

All this is me analyzing a system that is (brace for lulz) obvioulsy broken. No matter how much you polish poop, you won't get diamonds. The patent system is a piece of shit (oops pun) and in this case it gives me a reason to hoard information to myself until I can defensively analyze/document/(and later (but altogether), publish) what I consider to be "obvious tangent ideas" for a given plateau (and I'm reaching new ones on a daily basis it seems). The purpose of the patent system is to give the general public access to information that would otherwise be hoarded. It fails at doing so.




Lawyers and Judges make terrible philosophers.