0) Suicide (hell)
1) BDSM
2) Planerino


0) Yea I crave suicide. Been thinking about it a lot lately. I'm depressed as fuck, fuck off. I'm in the christian definition of "hell". I'm a subscriber to infinite multiverse theory... so I can never die (trying to die might also very well land me in a coma). I'm an efficient (lazy) programmer forced into doing manual labor. See problems, can't solve them, have to allow the problems to fucking eat you, NEVERENDING. Christians mention that when in hell, "you want to die but can't". Heh, can't wait to hear the weak-minded fucks contradict themselves with that one :-P. Also touching back a few docs on the happy pills: it's not just religious people, who have given up their pursuit of truth, that happy pills "can help but without burying a/the truth". It's also atheists who simply haven't progressed through logic to the point I have. The confusion itself can certainly be depressing, so a happy pill to an atheist just lets them forgot their confusion and chemically override the depression. I can't do that. I see the truth crystal fucking clear. I wonder if a happy pill would even work with me, and I'm not willing to try (fear of losing sight of the truth). The truth depresses me, but I'd rather stare at it depressed and try to scheme solutions my entire life than override my depression and forget the reason I'm depressed (life is fucked (which funnily serves as a segue to (1))).


1) I think I understand the whole BDSM thing about a human being tied into place so they become nothing more than a hole to fuck. Whether you're top or bottom, it makes no difference (you are a part of a scene). It's because deep down we all know subconsciously and probably burried and all that shit that our primary/only purpose/function in life is to fuck. "We are chemical machines that reproduce". That is our function. The bondage simultaneously holds you in place and holds "all the other miscelaneous nonsense we do when we're not fucking" (that doesn't (unless artificially chosen to ;-P) have any meaning) out. Your human body is reduced to it's primary/only function. It's pure and true and none of the other stuff (such as right and wrong boo fucking hoo for example) CAN even factor in. It's just not relevant to such a simple scene.

That being said I think it's funny how arrogant the BDSM scene can be. Elitest/secret-society lolcats: their own breed of coffee shop snobs... laying on the bed/floor trying out the newest in ballgag accessories, while trying to sound intellectual (ok in between ;-P), instead of sitting in an uncomfortable metal chair while sippin' a latte and skimming the newest edition of Georgia O'Kief's Life Lessons Learned From Making Hash Brownies, also trying to sound intellectual. Don't confuse this with disagreement about BDSM's self exploration shit. Yea that's real, but it's just funny how the "counter-culture" part of BDSM can overinflate a person's ego to super size nearly instantaneously: the outcasts fit in.


2) I think I've FINALLY fucking decided that I want to live in the desert on solar panels in a tent on food stamps. I thought about it for a while but thought "eh long term doesn't work out", but then also thought about how I want a sound proof room just for the like 5 minutes of excitement it would bring me. Roaming around in the Tonto national forest would also bring me that like 5 fucking minutes of excitement too. I think ima be a nocturnal fuck. It's just more practical in the Sonoran Desert. Infrared cams front AND face err facing, Music Fingers rig to tweak to my heart's content, fucking be left alone from cops and yaboos and hoohahs. Honestly cops are the largest concern. Harrassment, severed spine syndrome, the list goes on. But the average joe factors in too. I want to sing and I think I need to be alone to do that. I can record it release it merely hours later, but I think early on I need to be alone to sing. Yea it's embarrassment. Fuck it. It's really not that complicated of a plan when you think about it, I just was considering so many other plans and their implications and multiple paths and long term effects and blah fucking blah. I want 5 minutes of fucking peace to skip around like a fucking faggot making music and fucking singing, is that so much to ask for? Then I'll sleep in the day (also let solar powers recharge :-P) and do it again the next night. Rinse, repeat, death (well yea frozing (but it, or something like it, is still the plan POST-frozing so yea the frozing stage is probably really a moot point (but don't think I've forgotten about hyper-bliss ;-P))), perfect.

Oh shit rain (at least infrequent as fuck around here :-D). Maybe I'll find a cave or cower under my parents' roof for a day or two once a fucking year. 362/365 days of freedom? Yes please.