"right to life". liberty is a buzzword (too vague, no meaning) that makes the phrase in it's entirety sound catchy, and the "pursuit of happiness" is the ability to opt-in to partaking in the mass distributed p2p warfare that is the "free market"... in order to "be happier".

"right to life" is what I'll focus on right now, ignore the other two (since it's the `right to` 'life' _AND_ 'liberty' _AND_ 'the pursuit of happiness', we can [ignore the other two]).

The system forces you to play. It kills or otherwise arrests you if you don't. It has become such that "the right to life" is completely ignored, and it's really like this: "you have the right to attempt to pursue life". We are forced into playing the "free market" game, where sociopaths weave webs, enslaving others for a lifetime.

It's a longshot, but it might damn well work: "welfare" is "the right to life". Frowned upon and mathematically infeasable (in current system), since the funds come from taxes. If enough US citizens were to go on welfare (simply stop playing the sociopath's game), the infeasible math wouldn't be correctable by simply "conjuring money into existence" like the government already does on a daily basis. Doing that for so many would bring the value of the USD to nill, and the system would break.

At that point, they would search for a solution and the only (or, easiest/best 'imo') logical one is solar-powered robot-driven food-farms (if you want someone to design/build it, I and the rest of the free software community would be HONORED).

The best part is that it isn't treason. It's "the right to life". All of us have the "right to life". We don't have to play in that stupid, broken, cut-throat, "pitting perfectly non-evil citizens against each other for survival", dog eat dog of a system. It's optional. The "right to pursue happiness" makes that clear.


So I've found _A_ transition to mathematically-enforced-equality. It's an ugly/ghetto solution, but like I said: any means necessary.

Would it work? Absolutely.

Will it work? Maybe not, the people are generally told what to think by mass media (and the mass media benefits tremendously from the current system (by definition. because if they don't, they aren't in business anymore (aren't mass media))). Mass media would obviously stand against it and use all their typical sociopathic means in doing so "hurr anti-american" (so vague -_-).

Will I attempt it? Unsure at this point, keep reading.


What is life?
Unfortunately the phrase "life" is vague too. Obviously it includes water and food, but does it include shelter? I'm hypocritical on this whole ordeal: I like computers (but eh I'm quickly going under so... :-P), and surely having a comp+internet falls under the "happiness" category (but still, they are cheap af and can be solar powered as well). I would argue that "life" does include shelter, but can definitely understand the argument that disagrees with that. OT (but I'll double back to this topic): during that dream with arby the other night where I said "me too!", regarding him/me suppressing ourselves. I think I may have interrupted him in order to say "me too!"... which is ironic as hell lolol. "This planet ain't big enough for the 7 billion of us". Sound proof shelter solves that. Sure you don't need shelter to stay alive in most parts of the world, but forcing us all to interact with each other outdoors creates mountains of problems. Creates war, causes insanity, etc. 3D printers (for building shelter) can be solar powered, and so can the robots harvesting the materials for those 3d printers (those robots harvesting materials for 3d printers is actually the most difficult task. food harvesting robots and shelter 3d printing robots is A BREEZE).


This whole doc is difficult to write. Somewhere in these words is a genuine idea. The people need more than an idea, they need to be spoon fed their course of action and told what is right/wrong (this isn't an attack. I think a lot of people need psychiatric help). It's too easy to destroy me politically. It's too easy to find a typo or a mistake in the words in this doc and to use that to destroy the entire argument ("haha you made a typo, therefore your entire argument is wrong" is surprisingly commonplace (and worse: generally ACCEPTED as a form of arguing)).


I'm surprised to realize that we already have exactly what "robotically enforced equality" would be. I mean: we have it IN WRITING (woot: "the right to life"), but we don't have it in actuality (yet?). The "right to life" is skimmed over, so is "liberty"... most people focus on that "pursuit of happiness" part and tell you to get off your ass and "get a job" if you want to LIVE.


Dear government: please arrest me for this document ("disturbing the peace", "treason", or whatever you decide to call it). You'll only bring more awareness to it and increase the chances of it happening/WORKING.