Dreams:
1) Train, Japan, Daron
2) Remote Controlled Airplane
3) Lucid instant while being drowned, another later while... in the air (related to (2)?)
4) Sky diving everest


1) I was on a train going fuck if I know where (to death?!), and I randomly decided to go to Japan and that the first thing I should do is take a shower. In the dream I had the same greasy unshowered head of hair that I really do have this very moment (dgaf). I was going to go to Japan, take a shower, and then go to some bath house type shit and relax (think: M*A*S*H). Daron, who was also on the train, told me I should take a shower after I told him I was going to Japan. I lol'd at the duplicate.


2) Me and some other guy were flying remote controlled airplanes from some stationary cockpit with a video screen. I was able to "pull up" some previous attempts at making remote controlled airplanes, sort of like saved games except not. I saw 2 of my old planes... one which was light and flimsy and which could fly, but wind would push it around... and the other which was bigger bulkier and sturdier that I never was able to get to fly. The other guy, flying his own shit/screen/etc, was a pro and had no trouble getting his shit up and into the air. I launched my heavier plane knowing it probably wouldn't work, but I was pleased that, OMG, this remote control actually had a working throttle. I don't know what I was doing wrong "long ago" (it seemed "real", as in "not part of the dream"), but I felt as though the entire throttle pusher backer forther was missing back then. Now, I throttled forward and "fell" off the runway and made it much further than ever before, but still dropped into the ocean. I asked the other pilot what I was doing wrong, and he asked me to describe it to him. I told him the plane felt heavy like it wasn't getting all it's power... maybe the flaps or something. He didn't respond and I tried again (auto resetting woot), this time pressing "F" on my keyboard a few times to get flaps to go to 0%. This time the plane launched and stayed in the air! It still felt weird to fly. The physics seemed off, but wtf do I know... I've never ACTUALLY flown a plane (vidyas, simulators). Instead of feeling "bottom heavy" as you turned and rolled and shit, it had a sort of "upward lift" to it, like a Harrier or F-35 Lightning (god damn Lightning is so sexy). If I tried to "turn left", instead of "rolling left and feeling regular Gs push me into my seat (now "right")", the plane sort of "vertically lifted" and simultaneously RUDDERED "left" a bit. It was just awkward as fuck, but I knew I could get used to it.


3) This seemed connected to (2) through a blur, like perhaps the same city/environment/SIMULATION(idfk). I was getting off a boat onto a dock and some fucking guy that I knew came up behind me and got me in a headlock of sorts and we fucking dove together off the dock and down to the bottom of the bay. I kind of didn't resist, because I knew him and thought he wanted to show me something, so I kind of asked "what? what are you doing?" as he made me dive in.. but it was all too quick and he gave no response. He was hitting two weird pressure points or something, one on the right side of my body that I can't even remember enough to describe, and the other was like my left rib cage just below or around my heart: idfk. He had me pinned down there and I couldn't escape: I was drowning/dying. A giant blur goes here and fuck I don't know WHAT happened, but definitely something. So I "snapped back" from that tangent blur back to being under water and drowning almost instantly... and at that very moment I realized "oh shit I am not dead.. I have not drowned". I was immortal, or at least undrownable. I knew it was a dream and I instantly became lucid. Now for the weirdest part: those pressure points that the guy/friend was pressing on me... were now being pressed by my very own self. He just up and disappeared the moment I became lucid/immortal. I wanted to embrace and enjoy the ability to swim without need for oxygen under water because shit that'd be fun (so is scuba diving :-P)... but the dream ended pretty much right after the realization of lucidity. It felt weirdly pleasurable to be able to "breathe" (or at least to not die from being) under water.

I had another lucid moment last night, this one lasted maybe 3-5 seconds whereas the one above lasted 1-2. I don't remember what happened before it as much, but I do remember I was "mid air", perhaps ejecting from a plane from (2)... though that's just a guess. It happened pretty soon (blurs in between) the other lucid moment, and this one felt more willfull. I was perhaps falling and then realized "oh this is a dream lol I don't need to keep falling". There was a dirt hill/mountain near me and in my view. I sort of floated a bit while lucid, and I wanted to go wander around and explore the scenery and I tried really hard to cling to this lucidity (but relax simultaneously).. but it all just drifted away.

Interpretations of (3)/etc: I think it's metaphorical though I can't remember my thoughts I had while awake laying in bed about just how. I will describe what I remember though: my subconscience and my environment (two different things (?), but interesting similarities so grouping them for now) are both "the majority". Ok only subconscience now: he/it would gladly let me go lucid on demand in my dreams, IF he/it knew he/it wouldn't be surrendering his capabilities to express HIMSELF. A 50/50 divide of dream control, and especially direct negotiating abilities, SEEMS fair (but perhaps isn't). My point is this: since my subconscience is in control of most of my dreams, it is "logical" that I am always pulling for more lucidity! Grass is always greener etc! If I was ONLY lucid in my dreams (which actually doesn't make any sense... they wouldn't be dreams then would they!?!?), I'd likely get bored and beg for my subconscience to take over and paint the pictures for me. The same does yes apply to environment vs. conscience as well. If I am a conscience in a void with no environment, I am bored.

Why do I value lucidity so much? Because it is 1:1 indistinguishable from life itself (WHICH IS FUCKING AWESOME), _except_ that I no longer have to fear death or ANYTHING AT ALL!!!!!!!!! Yes my fear of death is what bootstrapped my appreciation for life, but that doesn't mean a fear of death isn't also annoying as fuck at times. It is perhaps necessary that lucid dreaming is less than 50% of (my dreams or my existence?)... so I keep a firm grasp on what is real (or something). Still, I think I can give myself some more percents than what I'm currently at: < 1% lucid dreams. HOWEVER this backfires too because I've "lost data" in dreams thinking I was writing them IRL and was not. I guess in a true lucid dream, I know it's a dream, so that isn't an issue. But there are "in betweeners" where I'm thinking it's real life but also some cool dreamlike shit is happening and I go to write it down... and my brain never even considers whether or not it's a dream (because writing isn't (OR MORE APPROPRIATE ON EARTH IN 2013: SHOULDN'T BE) dangerous). Actually this argument sucks entirely because I don't want those partial/confusing half lucid half (WAT) dreams... I want to KNOW with 100% certainty that I am lucid dreaming. Fucking drown me each and every time if you must, subconscience. That shit worked like a charm. Touching back on that "hanging over a pit" dream... I will not risk death in the dream if I am only 99.9999% sure it's a dream. It must be 100%. Perhaps even, that dream was a test given to me by my subconscience (really no clue how smart he/it is (but he paints such awesome imagery, I'm inclined to think he/it is a motherfucking GENIUS)): to see if I would be careless and risk my own life without absolute certainty of being in a dream. I passed.

The whole bit about the friend who was holding me underwater disappearing the moment I became lucid, is (and I am just GUESSING AS FUCK here) kind of like my subconscience and I merging. IDFK. Maybe when I am lucid dreaming I am merged (how can I test this?). Oh yea I think I've written this before and I decided to try to dig up some distant memory from my childhood that my subconscience would remember better (but meh it's not very scientific if my forelobe has to also remember it in order to ask my subconscience to remember it as well). This guessing right here is actually pretty dumb and I have no idea what the disappearing friend means.

4) I was on a plane going to go sky dive off of everest, or off of a plane taking off at the base camp at everest, or (I think this one is true even though it makes no sense): sky diving off a plane that is attached to the fucking ground at the base camp at everest, like the environment transforms into the plane and then viola, there's sky and freefall over to the left (wat). I remember landing at the base camp of everest though and idk the landing just seemed kinda scary, like the altitude was thin etc ya know? I was tricking the people I was with: I used social engineering to convince them that I was a certified sky diver. This meant that I had to strap on my parachute by myself though :-/. I was struggling and taking it nice and slow: I wasn't going to jump if I wasn't pretty damn sure I had it on right (but even then ...). I couldn't ask for help because then they'd know I'm not certified and would make me do some bullshit tandem jump. I also remember having only 1 parachute (reserve)... for some reason. The dream never got far enough for me to jump.