Life is the senseless consumption of your surrounding environment. That I have a conscience and feel guilt/unethical/immoral about it as an evolutionary deficiency. I muttered the other day "life is the product of war" (and war is the product of life); to elaborate: life starts out as just chemicals consuming chemicals (which is, arguably, 'war'), and that senselss consumption happens before/during/after the emergence of what we call "life".

"What is a good man to do in Rome?"

I don't want to manipulate or be manipulated, but I know I have to give in to survive (or at least, to be self sufficient (can always leech off mommy and daddy for the rest of my life, but guh I feel so shitty about the extra weight I'm putting on my mom's shoulders: she's not a mule! I love her!)). I have to be what I consider to be unethical in order to survive. I'm an "all in" kind of guy, so suddenly it becomes "be a serial killer in order to survive". Manipulating people for money is the same as manipulating people for time, and murder is the same as taking people's time.

I want to demand at gunpoint that a neutral mode of living be created (living minimally off of your non-peer environment (where you neither manipulate, nor are manipulated by, your peers)), but who do I point the gun at? The president? Myself? Democracy spreads out responsibility so thin that no one person can be held accountable. Additionally, if you think boats don't turn on a dime, you should see how many dimes countries don't turn on.

Most people spend their whole lives trying to figure out what it is they want to do. I've got a different problem: how to survive in a manner that let's me do what I want to do. Food/water/rent are arbitrarily as high as the sellers can make them -- a property of a "free market".

"Manipulate, but don't manipulate too efficiently (by being a serial killer)" -- meanwhile my government wages wars to claim land rich with oil. Hypocracy. Analogy: "you're playing a game where the objective is to kill the enemy but to not break any rules, and your enemy has declared that it's against the rules to kill anybody". Basically, murder is illegal unless you're strong enough to get away with it by declaring (and more importantly, having others believe you) that your killings weren't murder/illegal.

Fuck I'm just making a bunch of noise now, where am I- ... DO I... go[ing] with this?

How to be ethical, free, and survive? <-- A relatively simple as fuck question in general, but the most difficult question in this era/society.

Now veering OT: I wonder if the above question has the properties of "here's 3, now choose 2". Those are always fun, so ima analyze it...
0) You can be ethical and free but not survive (this is my present state (and I side-step death by leeching off my parents guh))
1) You can be ethical and survive and not be free. Sure, a slave needn't be unethical (a cog in a machine isn't unethical if the machine is)
2) You can be free and survive if you are unethical. Sociopaths, businessmen, politicians, etc.
Wow that's real fucken' neato, it does have the "choose 2" property. Maybe to reword it: "ethical, free, alive -- choose 2"?

I'm actually glad I explored that above tangent of choose-2'ness, it does have utility. It is a referential equation that encapsulates the argument. Something to point at and for every described scenario to point out how one of the 3 is missing. Sure, I can think of some exceptions to the rule (a stay at home housewife [who wears the pants], for example), one of which I'm dabbling with right now but still haven't mentioned... but the overwhelming vast majority of ways for a human to live in this era/society can't have all 3. Also, the exceptions tend to violate ANOTHER PERSON'S 1 (at least 1) of the 3: so for example, a stay at home wife has practically enslaved her husband (but perhaps he's fine with it because of the poontang (he trades freedom for sex)). I can't think of any 'exceptions'/scenarios that would allow all 7 billion humans on the planet to posess all 3 ----- except solar powered robotic farming + sound/bullet-proof housing (3d printers on crack sup) at age 0. I said that it should be at age 18 earlier, but now I'm saying 0 because it doesn't make sense because what if the 18 year old has kids? Again, I want to reiterate that I think social interaction is immensely beneficial and it should be encouraged (possibly even forced like schools do now (if there were video cameras everywhere in 'school' (or if every student wore a camera on their head kekeke), the whole 'bullying' problem would shrink by at least an order of magnitude)).


Ok it comes down to this nevetS:
a) Get 'normalcy' (robotic farming etc cube grid etc) implemented
b) Become a serial killer ultra manipulator sociopath

(I guess there's also (c) become a slave, but I don't consider that an option)

I know what I WANT to choose, but shit man _YOU_ try convincing someone who's obsessed with money not to be. Err to rephrase: YOU try convincing a society who expects everything implemented to be 'profitable', to implement something that isn't 'profitable'. If a thing is 'not profitable', it's considered "bad for business", and I live in a society where people can and do get murdered when their mere vocal/etc expression is "bad for business".


Bleh I'm starting to think I NEED to be a politician -_- (or at least be politically active). Here's a campaign motto: "Are we slaves to profit, or do we have free will?". I doubt I'd make a good politician, I'm not sociopathic enough. And besides, that shit would take up my entire life and then I'd hate my life (until it passed and I could step down/out). Much easier to just push the drafting and passing of the bill as a citizen! Well not easier but I mean then I wouldn't have to be distracted by all those "other" issues that a politician has to deal with. I need the media's help, but they are legally obligated to be slaves to profit. I'm going in circles saying the same things over and over, yes, but I'm also crystalizing the argument(s) in my head so fuck it it's worth the redundancy.


I feel as though I'm a consciencious objector to society itself. I don't think that phrase has been used towards society as a whole; it's usually only for war. Funny, I read up on what it is to be a consciencious objector (just some wikipedia shit) and found it interesting that there are tests that the objectors must undergo. They have to give a detailed account of their "train of thought" that led them to a conflict with their conscience. Have I not done exactly that, but s/war/society ??? Still, who do I declare it TO? I can think of some places but they don't really seem appropriate. A politician would just ignore you outright ("file a complaint in the complaint box so I can more easily ignore it"-me/now).

Where is my head? Where am I going? What comes next? This problem is so vastly different and much larger than the one 'launch' solved.