My pursuit of freedom is taking me to [live in a tent in] the desert. I've put a lot of thought into it, and have concluded that I can be more free and enjoy life fuller out there. It's funny/stupid that the US Constitution has in writing "you have the right to life and liberty"... yet you have to sacrifice your liberty (both in quantity (time) and in quality (social norms)) in order to stay alive. Well unless you go live in a tent in the desert on food stamps :-D. I don't know what my gpa fought in 'nam for, but it sure wasn't freedom (I think he pretty much did it because there was a DRAFT xD. sux for him). Blah I know I'm just way ahead of myself: solar powered robot driven stem cell meat slab factories don't exist yet ----- EVEN THOUGH THEY COULD (the rich have the AI problem solved by making everyone below them work to survive).

People on food stamps are generally leeches on society. This is not always the case of course, but I think a good deal of the time it's true. I just want to point out that I am definitely going to be a leech on society. I am doing it intentionally. It is a defensive mechanism. Society was trying to leech off of me, so in return I am going to leech off of it. Fuck you, society, for trying to make me your slave. Employees and entrepreneurs all submit to the collective desires of society at large. Fuck that shit.
I was almost tempted to say that the problem is not with USA but with any/all societies. While that is true (all the other countries are usually worse!), USA is the only one going around selling slavery packaged as freedom. "Yea sure you have the right to life and liberty .... now get to work executing MY commands, bitch". I should elaborate because I've contradicted myself a bit: I think food should be provided to every human by solar powered robots, but money should not factor into it like it does today. Maybe exquisite foods could cost money, but practically any food can be made by a robot so those markets would have a difficult time surviving on the long term. To make sure shit doesn't get out of hand, the politicians should be forced to eat the robotically created food like the rest of us (otherwise the robotically created food might be shit). Well anyways my point is that I'm trying to explain that TODAY/in-this-era, food stamps [usually] make you a leech. Society has to pay for your food out of it's taxes. Obviously I've stated that personally I'm fine with that, but I just wanted to clarify that with core systematic changes to society itself, ACTUALLY HAVING a "right to life" doesn't have to cost (and therefore be leeching off of) society anything.

Today is Saturday September 19, 2015... and I'm planning to move out tomorrow (Sunday).