I think with that Qt-git-repos-autobackeruper idea, the central machine the Qt software is being run on should keep track of when the last times the machines were synchronized or verified (should keep both). It is weird to think about though I think very doable, to keep this record of drives-to-timestamps (which btw can/will grow) in the replicated repos themselves. I guess ultimately you'd want to keep everything on the devbox, or the drive/machine running the Qt software, on the replications themselves. Since we're using Truecrypt/Git and nothing else special, I could manually mount the drives and manually navigate (making my own read-only copy in the process that is simply disregarded later) in order to download the qt software that was lost! Compile it and we're back in action! I guess I could do binary only but I'd need to test that that works and basically just figure out distribution which I've still yet to do (will cross that bridge when I get there (knowing it's been crossed thousands of times before fuck yea open source software :-P)).


Still, it could somehow later analyze that list and tell me through some kind of calendar/timer bullshit and through some notifier that isn't annoying (rare, would probably have to build my own (Android's is nice (but android itself sucks))) which drive I _SHOULD_ sync with next



TODOreq: I have thought about ways to get me to see my friends more and this happens to coincide perfectly with that. I mean yea ideally I should see them without having to sync my hard drive :-P (at this point I would want to be at the take one, leave one point (though the same set should rotate between maybe 2 people tops (for security reasons, can't let an evil friend propagate drive firmware modifications (and also presents an illusion to all friends of a relatively small number of drives (THOUGH, i will be broadcasting at this point?). Which brings me to my next point, since my interactions with all of my friends are logged through my broadcasting, I should simply give each friend (a) money to buy more backup drives (on top of money for services ;-P) and (b) instructions on how to replicate the drive I gave them onto the other drives. I would ask that they go and hide the drives and to keep the information away from even me. Obviously this does require that whole "friends/trust" thing, so it should not be dependend on directly/solely! However it still provides a net to fall into, should a raid occur and ALL of the copies that I made (since I am broadcasting, this is all of them!) are seized and/or destroyed!!!!!

tbh I trust Freenet the most, despite hating Java with a passion.