Free Will is being able to choose which imagined "universe", of which there are infinite (anything is possible), you will actually live in [in THIS one (in infinite others you do everything else)]. The human/intelligent ability to read the environment and make predictions about it allows us to constantly be modifying our actions so as to (produce the best consequences || will ourselves into the universes of our choosing). Some factors are our of our hand, and it is also true that the chaos occuring in the world around us can trigger, through bad/good "luck", things to happen to us. Soldiers that die in a war have their entire lives dictated by bad luck. I am very "lucky"(?) (happy at the very least!) that I don't live in such a day and age. I am glad that free will has been earned by my forefathers (whether their existence is/was a metaphor thought up by my brain is irrelevant (perhaps to convince myself to put concentration/emphasis on utilizing the free will while I can?)).

I guess suicide is possible. You snuff out all the "instances-up-to-that-point" (ofc including parrallels), but that doesn't mean that "instances-up-to-that-point-but-EXCLUDING-the-decision-to-kill-yourself" won't re-emerge, or that completely different instances won't emerge also. You don't "jump" into them (or do you? wtf? Maybe you have to start as a baby again but otherwise it is the exact same (you don't know you are starting over of course (the worst part of the bang instance resets tbh/imo))), your current simply ends and the others exist..... whenever (later, before, etc, but not 'now' (this bang instance)).

Today's XKCD has me especially paranoid. I need to sever all input, not just most. He would have identified "d3fault" if he would have mentioned that every "atom" in that "human system" is part of the same "system" (universe) and therefore we are all one. Gah as much as I like the comic, I feel like he gets the most direct tap into my brain. Collective conscious perhaps? Illuminati mb? Fuck.