There are 3 highly related, solvable, core problems with the world today... the last of which is arguably the least important.

1) Population explosion leads to uncomfortable lives
2) Our actions making earth uninhabitable in some way
3) The endless pursuit of profit takes up the overwhelming vast majority of almost every human's time alive

All 3 can be solved with the same solution: Computerized/robotic society/government wherein food is harvested and delivered to humans completely automatically.


The first one doesn't require computers really, except if/when you factor in a sort of "raffle" to decide who gets to have a baby: such a raffle in the hands of a human would surely be corrupt.

The second is implicitly solved rather than explicitly: machines providing humans with what they need to survive ALLOWS humans to live minimal lives. As it stands, if you try to live minimally, you live in-poverty/poor. The non-greedy businessman goes out of business because he is out-competed by his greedy competition.

The third is explicitly solved.


However, as I've stated many times before, devising a solution isn't difficult... it's the transition to that solution that's difficult. Which makes you dig deeper to find an underlying cause. (Independent interests independently interested) + logic = "business as usual". I'm referring to "business as usual" in the same way that Sagan referred to it during his interview with Turner. We're a super-organism with profit as it's master. We're following a very logical (though certainly sometimes seemingly chaotic) path towards "whatever is profitable". Less humans in the workforce and less incentive for people to work == less value for the wealthy's wealth. So even though we surely have the technology availalbe to solve these problems, they can't/won't be solved because solving them is "bad for business". Mainstream media would need to support it, but mainstream media cannot legally or logically support it. Can't legally because then their shareholders have a legal case against them for not 'chasing the profits'; can't logically because then they'd go out of business.

The wealthy (whether it's individuals, families, or board members of a company) [almost] always use their influence to stay wealthy. From their view, everything is peachy (a person's view of the world heavily depends on their personal experiences with it, so much so that they're usually the exact same thing).

For the good of humanity (to increase the chances of survival), we need to do what is not profitable. How then, when the communications mediums required to do it aren't able to?


We're young, dumb, greedy, and a danger to ourselves.
I think that it's certainly a good idea for lifeforms to have "non-intervention" rules when the discovered species is at a primitive stage, but I think the point we're at right now requires some sort of intervention -- and that since there isn't any intervention, I can use that as a [weak] proof that aliens either doesn't exist or haven't found us yet.

It's worth noting that any/all emerged lifeforms have this same dilemma. It's just simple logic: there are always rich and the rich always use their influence to protect their assets.

An idea that I pondered upon was to simply kill the rich. It's worth noting that although it might be necessary, they don't deserve it. I'm reminded that "chaos punishes good; chaos rewards bad". This would be a clear cut case of that, since they aren't technically doing anything wrong. If you or I were in their position, we'd be doing the same thing. Anyways, killing the richest and going down the list of richest would spread the wealth out among the world (usually there are multiple heirs, so it gets divided) so that MAYBE (and it's still pretty doubtful) those masses could then use their influence to enact the solution (enacting the solution is the "transition" that I speak of). But even in the longshot scenario that it worked, a "wealthy" group would re-emerge (because there'll probably always be an economy of trade) and could simply redact the solution later on. God bless democracy!


Touching back on that [alien] intervention: We're like a dog licking it's wounds. We need a fucking cone around our neck. But who to put it on? (I did consider rallying /b/, but tbh they're quite too stupid (just like the general populous (one and the same))). We need something along the lines of "martial law" to be in effect and for it to be forced upon us. Surely a dog doesn't want to have the cone put on it, nor does a diabetic want to stop eating cake. Some things, although perceived as evil by the experiencer, are necessary. Actual "martial law" obviously wouldn't work, because the military is controlled by politicians, who are controlled by the wealthy (through bribes and/or threats/violence) since the wealthy use their wealth to influence the masses through the purchasable mainstream media, who very obviously (though unfortunately not actually provably) decide which candidates get elected. Something "like" martial law does not exist. Even a revolution overthrowing the US government would still be plagued by the same problem: wealthy post-revolutionaries using their influence to maintain their wealthy + 'the solution' not being 'profitable'.

That's really it ima try to minimize/refine it some more:
The wealthy primarily use their influence to maintain their wealth, so influencing the general public to enact a bill to solve world hunger (among other things) is a logically impossibility because the mainstream media (who holds the medium of influence) must carry the influence of the wealthy, else they are no longer mainstream (or even in business). And the wealthy don't want to solve world hunger (among other things), because that is contrary to them maintaining their wealth.



I see the world, crystal fucking clear.
The current of chaos is too strong for any one man to change it's overall direction. You can make splashes here and there, but you're ultimately along for the ride. Chaos + Logic + 'Do what is profitable' + Time = ?. In the event of uncertainty, we have to plan for the worst and assume the worst: the question mark is death. You can resist (swim upstream) or conform (swim downstream) or be confused (swim sideways) or be apathetic (drift with the current). Unless the majority decides (and that depends on them being persuaded to decide) to change the overall direction, it makes very little difference what you do. It's certainly POSSIBLE for one man to influence the majority, it's just highly improbable. Perhaps the best strategy is just to drift, because then at least you aren't tired for no reason.
Infinite multiverse theory guarantees I'll live through this squeeze (mass extinction of 99.99%+ of humans).... but what about my friends and family? They're fucked, and I have to watch them die (similarly, in their branches of existence, they watch me die but they themselves survive). I might as well freeze myself now: since if I freeze myself now vs. at the end of my life, I'll almost certainly awake to a world where all my friends and family didn't make it, at least freezing myself now means I don't have to watch and experience (yes I'll experience the suffering; I'll live but I'll still suffer) the suffering. I guess ultimately that means I should enjoy the time I have with my friends and family NOW while I can. Nah idk about these last few sentences; if my friends and family all freeze themselves, there's a decent chance most of them will be there on the flip side. It's a question of timing: when is the squeeze going to happen? I really don't know. It's not a matter of if, but when. Maybe a few hundred years and in that case: woot for me and my family and friends (we'll all be frozen during the squeeze). But it could very well happen in my lifetime. Fuck it, grab a beer and keep making babies ;-).


I'm reminded that you have to choose: "laugh or cry". I can't give up on this world, so that's why I've been in such a depressed state these past few months. I really do wish I could give up and go back to laughing. I wish I could calculate that this world is unsavable and just let loose and be a psychopath/sociopath with the world as my playground (btw I did realize recently that it's not in fact sociopaths controlling the world: just idiots in pursuit of money (and since that mainly involves manipulating other humans, I redact this very sentence and yes they are in fact sociopaths (but it's the norm. sociopathy is "good for business"))).

define('sociopathy', 'sociopathic behavior'); //is dat sum php syntax?

I want to resist it and I want to solve it, but I think my only option at this time is to give in. It frightens me that "giving in" means "giving up" and that ultimately means my brain going dark: each cell dimming and decaying.

Life Jail: You're always alive, always a slave, and there's rarely anything you can do about it.

Or: Give in and get rich. Choose laughter. Become a sociopath. Since it's eat or be eaten, obviously you should choose to eat.

"Tranquil as a forest, but on fire inside" <- you don't need to be tranquil as a forest if you're not at war, you can be on fire outside too! <-- "give in, get rich, choose laughter, become a sociopath" IS A LIFE OF WAR. I don't want a life of war, because I want to be on fire on the outside too. Fuck introversion (and especially fuck [my] parents for putting me/their-childen there (there can only be one dominant/extrovert per household because of noise pollution)) and fuck war..... but the alternative is LIFE JAIL!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!? Both options suck: give in and be a quiet manipulative sociopathic-but-quiet-because-its-a-better-tactic-in-war rich guy, or life jail.

I'm entertaining the idea of just working my fucking ass off for the next few years (hopefully something NOT in computers, but maybe I'll cave here too) and just investing in real estate (buy homes, rent them out) until I have enough to survive without lifting a finger, then just dicking around with music fingers and shit in my own home (on fire on the outside too!) until it's time to be frozen. This is not an optimum plan because I fear it may take many years of pain and sweat, and who knows what might happen to my mentality in that time. I like who I am NOW and I want to live NOW! Put my fucking life on hold (LONGER. already did for abc2 man what a waste of time that was) kek someone please hand me a gun. I absolutely hate this idea, but I'm starting to submit; realizing it's the only option -- I can't change the overall direction of the flow of our chaos. I'm only smart enough to see the problem(s), not to fix them.