Had a... different... experience beating off to Bailey Jay just a few hours ago. I'd say that when I usually beat off to her(*), I'm generally just gawking at how fucking hot she(*) is. This time I guess I envisioned ACTUALLY interacting with her. I mean sure I probably have before too, but this time seemed different. I do actually want it to happen but that's not the point. I was laying on my bed beating off and I'd envision various scenarios but couldn't quite settle on which I prefered. Would I be fucking her (YES)? Would she be fucking me (YES)? Would I be sucking her (YES)? Would she be sucking me (YES)? Would we be 69'ing (YES)? Would she be my slave (YES)? Would I be her slave (YES)? Do I want to _be_ her?

The last one is where it gets interesting. I was beating off to the image 10.jpg in the set "Tranny superstar Bailey Jay gets naked to show off her fat cock from Bailey Jay" (md5sum: 44991b6fa55e573d9cf42f160b5e2956) and I guess I envisioned myself as her up on that table. I alternated between that and all the above "YES" scenarios while fapping but couldn't quite settle on which one (never did, but that isn't the point either). While envisioning myself as her, my imagination roamed to the future. I imagined her/me with a helmet on and wires coming out of it going along her arms (wrapping around them as they went) all the way to her hands, wearing fingers impl. Her/me still completely nude aside from the helmet/fingers. The helmet would be like metal + sound proof (though not necessary metal) and I guess kind of like those random boxes I've seen bitches wear in random BDSM porn... but of course mine would have a screen inside. So physically I'd be posing my sexy trap body on a table like that pic, but mentally I'd be off coding some random fucking C++ who knows what (or perhaps music, but the original thought was code). The way her arms are in the pic are kinda cool for some reason. One on her hip, the other above her head. Computers are not able to be used while having your arms freely movable in such fashion in the year 2014 (well I mean they ARE, but I haven't implemented it yet :-P). The image of myself like that was A LITTLE freaky but idk why. Intriguing and sexy and confusing and flashing back and forth between Bailey Jay and myself. I'd say for the first time I actually kind of want[ed?] to be a tranny :-P. JUST SO I COULD MAKE THAT PIC A REALITY.