damn forgot why i turned onmy computer 
no wait remember!

sonar feeling through grid sonar like blind (had: deaf (rofl sry)) people do but automated and generating a 3d map of surroundings through sonar. sonar hooked up to vibrating/electricuting(either/or/both/neither/something-else-entirely-it-is-all-definitely-entirely-opt-in).

so i can give my operating system my primary vision since my primary vision is mine to give to what or whom i please. my body can still walk around without seeing anything in the "normal world" (or hearing it if i choose, though the two shouldn't be considered dependently)
it is easy to maintain balance and really maintaining 3d spatial awareness even through a rudimentary and/or coarse/inaccurate handheld automated sonar machine (of which i am relatively (means to me [and? or something] in programming: definitely can do it) sure i can build) gives you enough to build a mental mindmap thatwhich can navigated within.. say.. 99% accuracy?

ok sure, the 1% gives you death
improve the fuckin software qq
it doesn't mean i can't use it (especially if the term "[something to do with driving and the future idfk i paused here for days thinking about my day with kaylee

well yea the shit is on your legs and body and aligned (because it's a grid) so that only the column in the grid that aligns with objects that will "get in your way" (whether it be people dynamically inserted into the equation because wearing same suit or [i forget why and zoned out about the car ride with her. i am glad i didn't like push her conversation-wise about anything. just let the day be]

i see why Montaigne says to flee women. but fuck montaigne, [i forget why but fuck montaigne but think it can be re-regnerated by.... idfk... montaigne fangs? fuck it]

oh yea i mean....
damnit i re-read it and remembered
it's pretty obvious
like
[pausing,clueless]
[timespent=mycursorsitshere]
^all auto generated somehow as i type seem(seam?)lessly


shit i'm trying to write this but i really just want to write about my day with kaylee. i did want to only think about it but then when the thought came to the part where i was going to write it, it *BECAME* (had: *BAM* but after *bec) "write"

so what the fuck does that prove?
it proves that summoning thought from your subconscious and outwardly projecting them in any manner (even subconscious body language counts i think: your subconscious is stupid [or PERHAPS ridiculously smart (but i doubt it, our forelobes are fuckin hella 'connecty-da-dotty' where computers are not (and i know this because i work with computers and am are a codering guy))) can modify the original thought


i knew it was "thought" because that's what it was in my... abstract-but-never-using-the-word-thought-directly designs (thoughts) that get pulled through some sort of "chaos message collision (LOL THIS IS REAL FUCKING LIFE GO OUTSIDE)

but then when it came time that i HAD to decide, "thought" became "write" because nothing else fit it better. and then came the fucking explaination. and here comes the explaination about all of the above, and here's as close as i'm going to get to why i turned on my computer in the first place (actually not really, i dangled my computer in front of myself seeing if i could remember what i had just thought (WWWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY). it definitely had (shit forgot already, but fuck yea contextual memory! (*reads-up/back*)): like 7 layers of that "over-explaining" shit. one of which was something like "bleh, too lazy or don't remember one good enough", fuck it.

i guess i didn't need to get straight to writing about kaylee, just didn't want to write about something so serious?

oh yea i thought of something a while ago (not to be related to above, holy shit terrible timing): bitch out button i press after coming out of 5meo-dmt trip completely fucking ... idk somehow bitching out like a fucking pussy. i might thank myself for it later. maybe only doing it for the trip will be enough anyways?

maybe that is the answer? film ONLY my trips and release however often i please (i am and are "performing arts") but do not 24/7/365/etc



i do not convulse and shake myself furiously for your amusement, i do it because i am compelled and adrenalenely rewarded for doing so.



so does this mean physicalShredbox + Kaylee + kidFriendly?

i mean... cuss words and nudity... though i have nothing against them (in fact, i like them)... i also would have nothing against their loss. that's not ENTIRELY true, but it is true for me especially given the EQUATION. the equation is what matters and what bends/breaks typical rules. yes i will gladly censor myself to be in your presence.

man she's got me under a spell (actually i was planning on moving to a new doc before putting (had: saying, but is confusing with the coming rest of sentence. putting is more neutral and idgaf or abstract. fuck yea putting might actually be able to solve some problems for me (how? "I am putting"? wtf?)) that and/or "writing" ;-) about her)


OMFG
that _IS_ it!!!!
i said it sarcastically!
you know that shit about minisism
holy shit fuck yea
i am putting
not gofl.
err ok i spend too much time on a computer in the 2013 era ("internet"): golf*



so i will censor myself if it is to my benefit, but i will retroactively uncensor myself because fuck censorshitp!
rofl best typo evar (probably been done (*mindzap* as i think "upwards" for appropriate number) infinite times before. i have probably explained th-[and here he sat until death staring at nothing (this being anything from alternate evolutions,possible-ai-implementations-that-are-full-of-fail,me in the future)]

i understand the problem:
shit
i really do
but i have never put it into words!
but holy shit, it's a complicated problem
going to need a nice fancy metaphor
AND MINIMAL TIME EXPLAINING BULLSHIT (pardon me for wasting yet more time (oh fuck you (hey fuck you (hey fuck you (hey fuck you (hey fuck you))))))
^i wonder if the explaination is hidden in that for the reader to mine out
or if something else entirely is in there that's still interesting
still, i am not satisfied with that answer and HOLY SHIT I STILL HAVEN'T EVEN FUCKING SAID ANYTHING ABOUT IT YET FFFFFFFFFFFFFF....


ok gotta read "up" (as opposed to "read up" something [such as on the internet])
*does*


wining is a natural reaction
this me telling madison (i didn't actually tell it to her, but hypothetically on that walk i could have)

"balance is easy, you just need practice"
*she tries, wines as fails*
oh shit it's whine* btw
[something along the lines of whining doesn't do anything]


whining is a natural reaction to when shit doesn't go your way. it's a fucking baby reaction that some don't outgrow. or is it outsmart? or... nobody ever told them off effectively that resulted in their whining going away? or whining people happen to have better survival rates during war times (because pretty much all times were war times before.... like... now... (i do see a reference to that black spiderman guy but i honestly felt like he ripped me off when i first saw it. i'm either high or it was a coincidence!))
whining has nothing to do with war
MAYBE it does, but for the relative argument i am making, it does not.

man i should go to an argument clinic, i bet i'd have fun.
actually no i wouldn't.