the design of this advertising agency is where i'm currently stuck
i know i want to use Wt for the front-end... it just simplifies shit.
but do i want ot push the application logic to my local/trusted server? the one that's doing the bitcoin checking?

since i'm asking it permission before doing each operation, it may be more efficient to keep the app logic local

i still definitely want to cleanly separate the app logic with the bitcoin/payment processing logic...
... but idk
i just don't fucking know



user ----(https)---> Wt/app|Qt/Ssl app -----(QSsl)----> Trusted Payment Processor -(local calls)-> bitcoind -> tor -> network
                     Wt is used as usual, Qt/Ssl is a singleton on a different thread and we send events to it.

		      I should instantiate the Qt singleton in main() on the stack, just like you're supposed to do with 1x Wt session (though i haven't been doing this and it's been working fine)


what i'm saying is since Wt/app will be calling trusted payment procesor or "trusted account balance manager" (payment processor yet behind that) a lot, i wonder if i should push the logic there?
Wt/webserver will still handle bulk traffic, of course... but maybe whenever anything HAPPENS, it HAPPENS locally and the Wt front-end is just the cache that becomes updated

i don't know
i'm lost in my own brain
designing and coding at the same time
i guess it doesn't matter
famous last words
the wrong choice could trigger HUGE code rewrites later on.

i guess i'm sort of getting ahead of myself...
...i should stick with doing this from the bottom up
that means bitcoind interfacing FIRST
then bitcoind interfacing over SSL
etc...


errr, i think there should be a "bank" app/db in between the bitcoind and the ssl interface
so i ssl interface with the bank
and a backend payment processor for the "bank" is bitcoind
but could also be paypal (though i could just do that on the webserver, since you gotta "trust" other noobs anyways might as well)

the "BANK" is the amount each user REALLY has
we check with the bank from the front-end/Wt whenever we want to do something that will shift balances

the bank should also periodically/daily send out my percentage cuts to bitcoin addresses generated on a safe/offline machine
so if the bank or webserver is compromised, only user funds are lost
gah security is a fucking BITCH.
how do real banks do it?
do they just not give a fuck?
how does Mt Gox do it?
do they just not give a fuck?
should i just not give a fuck?
i mean i guess my choices are
a)give a fuck and be poor
b)not give a fuck and get money

i _do_ give a fuck... i'm just too smart for my own good
bitcoin is lightyears ahead of paypal... but there is no such thing as perfect security
i cannot wait for perfect security before i start making money

...just as i cannot wait for perfect security/dht-thing before doing d3fault
i want to code d3fault
fuck this ad agency bullshit
i mean yea i'll use it within d3fault i bet... (why not)...
but coding d3fault is my true passion
get past this obstacle
retire motherfucker.
...you can always hire crypto junkies later to come in and examine/optimize/improve/test your code