We are just here. There is no guarantee/promise/etc that we get to live "without paranoia" or even "live a fulfilling life". It might be smartest/wisest to...... trick/reprogram my brain.... into thinking it enjoys being overly paranoid. I lol'd when immediately after thinking that (last night), I thought: "BUT I DON'T WANT TO!". I know I don't want to and I know why I don't want to, but I can still force myself to and at least I'll have the satisfaction of knowing why I'm so miserable... which could maybe help with trying to ride/accept it. I know I have the capability of being overly ultra fucking paranoid. This ultra secure box test that I'm doing for BITCOIN is basically the exact same design I'd use if I wanted to keep a shit ton of data private/secure/overly-paranoid as well (OT: glad to say that right now there is nothing at all of value on it! The keepass db to which my ultra long password goes to, only has one key in it: the one I'll be publishing at launch (if I don't veer off... the very subject of this doc :-/). The ultra secure box is just a test in that sense (doesn't matter if compromised), and is proving to be pretty annoying just as predicted).

Since rationally I do not find it fulfilling to live overly paranoid, but analytically living overly paranoid might be the smartest thing for survival (infinite multiverse theory doesn't even help me here: "not paranoid enough" applies just as much to environmental destruction (a thing IMT does not help at all) as it does to death-by-compromise), this silly and willful tricking/reprogramming of my brain might be the only way forward.

I don't like it (there it is again). I want to launch...... but SHOULD I launch?

My story is sad either way:
a) I launch and am not paranoid enough and therefore my environment is destructed by fuckheads
b) I don't launch and am just a bullet point in a history book of a man who wanted to live, but didn't

The ending sentence of (b) fills me with rage: FUCK YOU (HAD:YEA)!!!!!!!!!! I WILLL LIIIIIIIVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEE.


Paranoia might be a dependency of being alive, and being alive is definitely a dependency of living a fulfilling life.


There is still anonymity to factor in... and to be fucking honest: I DON'T THINK I COULD RESIST!!!!!!!! Private/quiet/paranoid sounds shit...... I'd need anonymity for SOME form of expression.


Fucking born too soon. It doesn't defy the laws of physics that we can live in peace and I can flale around randomly/freely/safely. We just aren't (might not be?) there yet. People target loud people just for kicks.


Anonymity is a bit OT right now though. Right now I'm deciding (for the Nth time) whether or not to go public. I feel like this time of deciding has new/vital information that needs to be applied. All the past ones just make for good archiving/documenting of my train of thought (whooop de freaking do).


I am compelled to ask that one girl to the desert so I can whisper in her ear. IT IS ESSENTIALLY the same thing I've been wanting to ask her the entire time... just now I've analyzed it further/etc. I could ask it to her normally: "you think it's too dangerous in this day and age to live loudly/publically?"... or I could explain the contradiction to her first.

I know what I want... as they say in Boardwalk Empire: "what does it matter (had:care) what I want?".



We all live to be indefinite, it's just that in the majority of the universes, we don't. Our quality of life can still degrade (context: old age... but not just obv)... and by the time we realize we're indefinite, it's too late/difficult/impossible to "tell our kids" and friends etc. We all mostly live alone in our "you are indefinite" universe, generations are born and die during your span... and you become an idol (god?) of sorts in that ridiculously-low-probability-of-being-born-into universe.


I want to trip balls and have the contradiction/question written down and to analyze it while peaking. Surely, I could solve it (or I'd just say "GO FOR FULFILLING LIFE BRAH BECAUSE DEATH IS GUARANTEED" etc... and learn nothing at all (still would recharge my confidence I guess you could say)).