vulgarity is unnecessary but also having a list of cuss words is dumb
since i feel as though it will help my case with kaylee, and also help with lolitics, i _CAN_ shape myself to not use them
nothing of value is lost by not cussing, and very little is gained by cussing

it's also a form of rebellion
the only reason i am inclined to use words on that QList<QString> m_ListOfCussWords is because they are on the list to begin with
i don't think such a list should exist, which would remove my urge to use words from it

it's KIND-OF (though not) a form of protest, really. like civil dissobedience (not)
should i romp around in other "stupid laws" defying them because they are stupid?
it becomes very subjective and interpretive

obscenity laws are stupid
nudity laws are stupid
this society is pretty fucking stupid

but i can change it
america, even though it's being run by morons, has a decent foundation (MUCH room for improvement on it though. FOOOOOORK constitution/bill-of-rights imo (wait no stupid copyright law is in there i think))
i can ATTEMPT-TO change laws
but i think it will mostly be a waste of time

i'm not sure formal politics is my forte
i'm definitely sure that "normal modern day formal politics" (trying to act perfect and never making mistakes (by not doing anything) and being shameful and sweeping things under the rug and media 'scandals' that are staged by opponents and yada yada yada) are not my forte
i would bring a new style of politician to the table
just as i am bring a new style of human to the table
woot freedom. thank you noobs for dying for me. you probably didn't have me in mind when you held your ground at War X. you probably had a "small farm out on the land with a big family" type of dream that you were defending...



fuck, this is getting back to politics, i need to focus on vulgarity
^


lol.
it's "how i speak"
i CAN reprogram it (will take time/practice)
but SHOULD i?
do cuss words hurt anybody? NO.
fuck it.
does being gross/perverted? NO.
do both decrease my chances at success with kaylee &| lolitics? yes
should i give a shit? UP 2 YOU

gah, i can't logic through it... have to "decide" :(

i don't like thinking about looking back at all my work and trying to take the vulgarity out of it
it'd be a fucking lie
it wouldn't be me
it would be remnants of me
i am a vulgar individual, but i am a nice and good person
fuck and kiss you both at the same time