Dreams:
Mona Lisa
Sword stub
Pet store


In front of a convenience store in a city where somewhere near (inside some building perhaps) you could view the actual mona lisa, some guy was selling charicatures of you + mona lisa. That was all he painted. I think I didn't want to pay the cost ($100 or $1000, i forget) but I still looked at his paintings and stuff. I remember a lot of people in corsettes, perhaps the painter included. He'd paint a lot of mona lisa + people in corsettes, but also people standing around (getting, or waiting to get, painted) were wearing corsettes. Some, perhaps most, of them seemed fat and tall (taller and fatter than usual) but obviously where the corsette was made them look skinny and lop sided. (I think the reason I had this dream is becaused I drew "I code better" yesterday xD).

In this same area which was a hybrid of inside and outside (?), once I stopped looking at the mona lisa paintings I looked at the walls and there were a lot of random antique things. I'm not sure if they were only weapons, but weapons was definitely one of the categories. I walked over to a wall and grabbed what I thought was a katana off of it. I unsheathed it only to find that although the case was katana length, the blade was about 1-2 inches long and actually was on the opposite end of the sword. I looked at it and tried to figure it out (in the dream it made sense that it was one of the 3 lengths of the katanas, but now that I'm awake that makes no sense. You'd hold it and it would just be like a katana length metal stick (round or at least not sharp) toward your adversary but then above the grip where you were holding [with only one hand! not enough room for both] it curved in a short little rounded 90 degree angle outward and that was the only part that you could consider to be a "blade". I held the katana from the other end so that I could swing that little snubby hook at my imaginary adversries. A bit later my hands crawled back up to feel the snubby shiny "blade", and it too was actually pretty damn dull (as dull as a quarter, but a half an inch thick instead of just a few mm).


Not sure if same dream but definitely happened soon after, my mom and "her" were standing next to me and asked if I wanted to go to the pet store (maybe have only been dog store but w/e). I said I was unsure because even though I wanted to I didn't want to invade "her" space and stuff. She said "you should come" and we had a brief moment of eye contact (I was mostly looking down/away beforehand) and obviously that talked me into it, I said ok and that's about all I remember.