i was listening to "pretty rave girl" last night (also listening to it now lol @ timestamps) and i just felt compelled to like.... run forward and burst into dancing
i was in the frys parking lot wearing pajamas just going for a stroll...
it made me feel like... i need to burst forward in such a manner... but with my life, not merely dancing
i need to commit. i need to not be afraid of dance. err *death. i need to dance for just that one song! "it's better to have [been someone / lived] for a day than to live your whole live [as nobody / holding back]".

i want to just not give a shit and be able to throw down
gah
music does something to me, i know you know what i'm talking about

am i confident enough in multiple universe theory?
it is just a theory after all
and so is my existence






hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm





i think therefore i am
i think therefore i am multiple

is that "good enough"?
"assumed reality"
"assumed multiverse"


i put much more trust(faith!) in assuming reality is... err... real
i am here and can touch and feel it or whatever (fallicious reasoning :-P)
likewise, i am confident in death

multiverse cannot really be tested...
reality can't either, but at least there are GIANT hints towards it



if i'm wrong about reality being real.... then well shit wtf am i doing i should be living full blast no matter what because this is all metaphor or something?
if i'm wrong about multiverse being real.... then i die much sooner than i would have wanted to


there's a sweet spot
i can visualize the graph

a) living too short
b) living "just right"
c) living really really long

i need to hit (b), which is... somewhere in between (a) and (c)


(a) is throwing yourself out there "too much"(?????) and being assassinated
(c) is sitting around cowardly (aka NOT LIVING) and merely "staying alive"

(b) is a good duration (time-wise) of life, as well as living "full blast"


i'm glad i'm not afraid of (c). that's what kills most people. "the doomed" -hunter thompson --- "you're all a bunch of slaves" -jim morrison
i'm mostly afraid of (a).... lewlies....


however i've also entered into (though can still escape from it) an invented (d): planning/preparing indefinitely


And up from the sea arose a mountain which had remined relatively unknown aside from spurts of steam from the water.


You can only start a sentence with "And" after you're done with schooling, whether it's high school or college. Only idiot teachers care about that shit. Fuck school.




re: "GIANT hints that reality exists"
does not infinity exist?????

it is the ONLY requirement, aside from reality also existing (which it clearly must(?)), for infinite mutliverse theory to hold true

can't remember if i've written about this before
you need only infinite time OR infinite space
either one will get you [different-forms-of] infinite multiverse

i actually think both might exist
err
i actually think both exist?

i assume reality exists
i assume infinity exists (whether time OR space OR both)
i assume infinite multiverse exists


SO LIVE FULL BLAST MOTHERFUCKER
FUCK DEATH

here's a clearly 'staged' train of thought:
reality exists, and if it didn't, that would mean i should live full blast (metaphors etc who gives a fuck (and furthermore, what's the difference?))
infinity exists, and if it didn't... how did we evolve etc (this is the scenario i am most afraid of... that there's only ONE of me... ever and anywhere (and i should take great care to not be killed))
multiverse theory exists only given the above two are true, so we DEFAULT to living full blast either way
hurrrrrrrrrrrrrrr



is lincoln still alive (err, did he die of old age!?)
is kennedy still alive?


feasible~

feasible.


it's FEASIBLE that infinite multiverse theory exists


it's also FEASIBLE that i can be frozen, thawed out, and revived



the difference is: there is no cost of testing the frozing (tm) -- i'm wrong i die the same
whereas "testing" (by DOING) the full blast living (to take advantage of infinite multiverse theory) would potentially cost me a drastically shortened life (a).



guh
WAT DO


harness tor/bitcoin/hacker-hiding-ism, live with paranoia
live open (still utilizing bitcoin no doubt), live without paranoia, POTENTIALLY die early


i should note that in both cases paranoia exists

private: paranoia of jacked (but if they can jack me, they can also kill me!!!!!!!!!! thus negating the benefits of living privately (TODOreq: follow this logical contradiction further!!!))
public: paranoia of assassination, but not of jacked



re: above TODOreq: that doesn't make any sense. living privately should make you less afraid of being assassinated. less, sure, but ridding of it entirely is impossibru. if you are able to be jacked, you are able to be assassinated. this isn't necessarily true, but under most circumstances it is.
i could argue that since in both circumstances you are still afraid of assassination, but only in the first one you are afraid of being jacked, you should DEFAULT to the second one.. since there is no fear of being jacked


but it's the level of paranoia
is paranoia an integer percentage or a boolean?
i feel as though it is both
it is a percentage but if the percentage is greater than 0% than the boolean is true because YOUR BRAIN IS FUCKING SLOWLY CONSUMED AND EATEN AWAY BY THE SMALL AMOUNT OF PARANOIA

the level of paranoia for being assassinated is lower while private/hidden than the level of paranoia for being assassinated while public/open/extrovert
but in both cases, the % is greater than zero

the level of paranoia for being JACKED while private/hidden is higher (it exists!) than the level of paranoia for being jacked while public/open/extrovert (because it doesn't exist! i take credit INSTANTLY)



so the only real important issue is whether or not paranoia, at any level, becomes 100%/true
paranoia by it's very nature does so
it consumes you
there is rational paranoia and irrational paranoia
your mind cannot differentiate the two
unless you see a shrink or something, it's very difficult to tell them apart (though i guess it is technically possible (lol next line contradiction))
it's just VERY VERY HARD to differentiate ir/rational paranoias

the paranoia of being assassinated will consume me UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, WHETHER PUBLIC OR PRIVATE OR IF I JUST SIT HERE IDLE INDEFINITELY~~~~~~~~


__________I HAVE DONE IT___________ exclaimed Dr. House as he hobbled out of Wilson's office.

I have logic'd my way through it ;-)



both: paranoid of assassination
private: paranoid of jacked
public: not paranoid of jacked

DEFAULTING TO PUBLIC AS IT IS ONE LESS PARANOIA



muahahahahahahahahaha


the level of paranoia is irrelevant
or so i am trying to convince myself



it's much harder than simply writing in notepad:
bool afraid = true;
delete &afraid;

i am clearly still afraid
and i will have to live with that fear
IT WILL _NEVER_ GO AWAY

not even post-frozing
even if your "brain in a VAT" shit holds true
even if your brain is in a nuke proof bunker


there is ALWAYS room for fear/paranoia
opt towards one less. it's the best you can do


living cowardly in private/fear is no way to live
tor/bitcoin are a valuable commodity
people living "normal" lives that can't afford to be fired or court marshalled can and should use them
but i will opt not to, because i am not going to live a normal life
i shouldn't need tor/bitcoin
i shouldn't need to live privately/hidden
it's no way to live

DON'T GIVE A FUCK
that's the way to live
"do no harm" is implied, of course
but regarding shame and paranoia: DON'T GIVE A FUCK

easier said than done, but i will attempt it
cold turkey introvert->extrovert is my method
i can't conceive how a "gradual" change would work
i've tried/failed (nobodyme)
it has to be cold turkey



if i don't try: i will probably just die
because i won't have enough money for frozing
so trying is the only option
another "defaulting", though it is probably not true lmfao. i could probably earn enough privately/hidden (with a business "front") to fund $200k frozing :-P


BUT THE PARANOIA WON'T BE WORTH IT
err, the shame/cowardice
paranoia comes no matter what i've realized
just different paranoias
i shall eradicate the fear of being jacked
my words
fuck all these movies i watch where i feel as though i am being jacked
and even questionable content just had a comic featuring an idea i've had: autonomic monitoring or whatever
the idea could have been subtlely FED to jeph... or he could be in on it xD
that paranoia of being jacked
conspiracy theorizing
will disappear entirely
i won't care if i see similar references
because i will KNOW that i have published FIRST

"first post" etc xD
it's more than that



it's...
writing in private: "hmm boobies are a cool pillow"
then a week later watching on tv: "this just in: boobies make a great pillow!"
/facepalm.jpg


collective conscience vs. paranoid schizophrenic
i needn't prove either
launch/open/publicize/extrovert and neither one matter

sure, test collective conscience because it's a cool subject
but don't let it [potentially/theoretically] continue to rip you off!!!
yea you!
me!
us!
FUCK YOU/US!
STOP RIPPING MYSELF OFF ME!
grrrrr i'm mad. xP


the fear of death is a healthy paranoia
the fear of being jacked is not
the end