Jobs place heavy limitations on the way you are allowed to behave when you're at work. It is a mathematical impossibility for everybody to be an employer. Employees that deal with the general public must be politically correct. Employees that don't deal with the general public still usually have to deal with co-workers, so employees in those types of jobs must still be "normal"... otherwise the other employees will plot to get you fired (if the managers don't notice and do it on their own). Political correctness and "normal" are extremely similar. Given that you spend the majority of your waking time at work, you are only allowed to be what your workplace allows you to be. Your workplace defines your human personality by placing severe limits on it. "Politically correct" (as opposed to politically incorrect) is several orders of magnitude more restrictive than "good" (as opposed to bad). A human should be able to be anybody they want, so long as they aren't "bad". This "executive game" (Sopranos) "get-a-mortgage/pay-steep-rent and-work-the-majority-of-your-life-to-pay-for-it or else live on the streets in poverty where you have much less freedom" type (era?) of society severely limits the way a perfectly good human is allowed to be (had:behave).


"Rich versus poor" is an old as fuck comparison. "The rich are always trying to fuck the poor" is as known as 1==1. That the 3x problems talked about in a previous doc (1-world hunger, 2-overpopulation, 3-uninhabitable earth inevitible) is caused by the rich always trying to fuck the poor I think MIGHT be a new connection/discovery/whatever. *bows so far he starts to suck his own dick*. What I mean is that the rich can fuck the poor over in soooo many ways; get police to "clean up the streets", get politicians to make high "barriers to entry" for certain industries of business, so on and so forth. I think the fact that rich people are in the way of solving those 3x problems (and I should restate: they are only 'accidentally' in the way: all they do is chase profit just like a poor person would do in their shoes) might be a new discovery. I just thought about it long enough until it made sense. Yea it's "rich vs. poor", but I think that makes it sound too much like a person or group of people are doing it on purpose and have planned it. It's more accurate to think "a [rich] group of people acting logically vs. a [poor] group of people acting logically". Or even just "logic vs. logic". Just plain "logic". (I'm baffled by _THIS_: does it mean solving it requires an illogical solution?). It's hard to understand tbh, it involves abstract thinking. Unfortunately, your average person doesn't even understand that "poor will always be the majority" (it's simply a mathematical necessity). The rich have the influence, the poor have the votes; the rich would lose money from solving those 3x problems, the poor would benefit. <-most clear sentence describing it yet

Maybe a more portable version:
The rich have the influence, the poor have the votes; the rich would lose money from solving society's problems, the poor would benefit.