you do not have the right to tell me i can't explore my own brain



and that's all you say. it is all that needs to be said. any more is too much and detracts from the point.
to a judge or an adversary trying to force you to stop
gl with that bro enjoy prison

see i cant do hundo public because i still want/need(????) to trip balls every once in a while
worst case: private during trips
medicore-case: private during MENTION/ON-CAMERA/DOSE period only, public during high/trip/whenever

this CREATES a vulnerability
i can be attacked/killed and never have the opportunity to go public so that everybody implicitly has my back
pussy.
but it's true
create a web of back trusting is really the ONLY way
fuck cops
fuck cia
fuck mafia
wait no, they do the exact same thing...
mafia vs. mafia is one thing
but if a non-mafia fucks with the mafia, his mafia brethren/enemy (who may have been enemies until only recently) might have his back
don't like talking about the mafia
say the wrong thing
dead

don't like talking about assassins either
or political corruption
yet at the exact same fucking time, all 3 are evil
mafia view themselves as a necessary evil, to keep shit in line. i have no doubt that this actually works to an extent.
normal people are stupid as fuck.

so this public/private thing kinda relates to: do i take a stand?
if you take a stand, you're way more likely to be killed.
like a matter of hundreds of percent
but
really
this does also contradict my 'infinite universes belief'. i contradict myself often
it's because i am not certain of it
i am certain of the concept of the number infinite, and that if and only if time and space are both infinite, then infinite multiverse theory HAS TO hold true
but i (we) don't know if space is infinite
i can see no reason why time wouldn't be
nor can i even fathom how space could be
yet with space, i'd say that it is PLAUSIBLE (given some missing piece of the puzzle we have yet to discover or are unable to discover being human beings) that it's finite.
time, no way
i can't even back either of those statements up with any evidence at all



if(infiniteMultiverse)
{
  takeStandBecauseAtLeastOneWillAlwaysSucceed();
}
else
{
  bitchOut();
}


rofl
seeing what was INSIDE the else is what makes me have to choose the first takeStand...() by default
bitch out isn't an option for this life, sorry man



soooooooo

given that you are only relatively* safe when public, and you don't want to bitch out when it comes to being a good person and doing good things, you should maintain public 24/7/365
and after explaining the above (all of it) using sound logic (it could be after a matter of time. for example i could just keep it to weed with a card for a while. for example until i earn 'status' as being 'intelligent'), i can and should trip balls publically. i will be vulnerable while tripping and this is all the more reason to remain public (i think that thought is a fallacy, THOUGH IT IS STILL TRUE). upon confrontation, and while still public (being public is vital during these confrontations), i say the first sentence of this document and then say nothing else until i am 'free to go'.

upon jailing there might/can/should-be an outrage, but there might be nothing.
am i willing to go to jail for my cause?
yes.
prison? uhhhhhhhhhhhh
probably no..................
but maybe like 1 year tops :-/

i dont' think i'd get that much jail time for tripping balls


i could optimize/minimize the fuck out of my private/offline/dosing but i mean it's still a REALLY huge vulnerability period.
yes i do think being public can/might save my life some day~
especially when it comes to health problems...
someone watching is bound to have at least a tiny bit of medical expertise. 'tiny bit' ... 'expertise' lol wut? idkmybffjill

Nigger Nigger Chicken Dinner
should i use that word live?
i'd say no, but try not to be afraid of it either. lol afraid? i mean of using it. if someone calls you a nigger say "i'm not a nigger, you're a nigger". or say nothing because you might get gat'd.
rofl

at least this one isn't about 'taking a stand'
black people are not evil

still, i don't like censorship
right?
fuck. so many considerations
wat do
make up as go? increase chance of die