lawyers and judges should be paid tax revenue to argue out whether a given [new|existing] law is making illegal something inherently evil or is only making illegal something preferred less by the people.

if a point of view does not not have a lawyer, one will be appointed to it xD xD. I'm serious too. we should pay a laywer to play the devil's advocate for every "law" to try to say that it doesn't protect something inherently evil. it should not be "frowned upon" to take a shitty point of view (or maybe they are only handed out via RNG), it should/must be encouraged!

Yes I am saying that even things which are so obviously evil (murder/rape/etc) should have a lawyer try to argue that they aren't inherently evil. Those ones we'd "clear" pretty quit, but it is ESSENTIAL that _every_ law pass this "trial of logic".

the judges are elected by the lawyers via a simple meritocratic populous vote. the judges are lawyers before they become judges.


you might argue that lawyers are crooks and that we shouldn't trust them. I slightly disagree (they are that because we pay them to be that), they are merely crack whores who will do whatever they can for money. If we pay them to argue [that murder isn't evil], they'll fucking do it. They will even put their hearts into it because money is dependent (wait, what? how?) on it.


there is the gaping flaw I admit, that lawyers/judges PROBABLY (we honestly don't know because it's never been done) can't be trusted; like any human they are corruptable.

still maybe you have to get voted in by the judges/lawyers and can similarly be voted out. maybe that would work.
perhaps every once in a while it is necessary to kill them all and start fresh (oh wow I sound like those "founding fathers").


(some) lawyers are clever mother fuckers and can see into each other's soul to determine (with reasonably high accuracy) whether a person is good or bad (of course they will represent you either way, for a buck). if somehow the majority of the lawyers were good and they put up a wall so that the corrupt[able] lawyers aren't in their system, it might actually work. there would always be the threat of total (>= 50%) corruption, but that is already the case (and we are already past the threat. corruption being >= 50% is reality).

I think the "worst outcome" of that scenario where judges/lawyers have so much power (double checking, with collective veto power, all the laws that individuals/politicians try to put into effect) is actually much worse than the "worst outcome" of the way things are currently laid out (corrupt politicians running amuck doing whatever the fuck gets them a buck), because the depths of evil that lawyers/judges can descend to are much worse than that which your collective politicians (frequently re-appointed, and made up OF the people) can descend to (or at least as rapidly). but still that shouldn't make us afraid to try it; BOTH "worst outcomes" are utter shyte and should be resisted. we need to resist and change the way things currently are: individuals, and possibly much worse, CORPORATIONS (which are just groups of individuals), pull on the sleeve of f the politicians to put into law mere "preferences" (and make illegal things less preferred).



It should be an honor to argue (play devils advocate) for a the veto of a law which is so obviously evil (murder/rape/etc). His colleagues should respect his ability to genuinely try to defend evil itself. They all understand that it is of extreme importance to heavily vet every law that is [to be] put into effect, no matter how "obviously evil" the thing it makes illegal might seem at a glance (or even a couple minute stare).


If we could find a group of good and smart men, we could save the world.
that's about as difficult as counting to 10 on /b/ (without cheating)