I want to adapt+expand the Directories of Audio and Video Files Muxer Syncer to allow multiple [prioritized] video sources, and multiple [prioritized] audio sources. I want to be able to be wearing my hat cam, walk up to a camera, wiggle it's mouse or start typing, and then in a cool [perhaps even animated xD] transition the quality of the screen contents become high as fuck (since it's PRNTSCRN'ing and not relying on hat cam). Obviously every stream of every a/v device would be saved, but for the "presented muxed combined sync'd" copy, we'd show "mouse or motion or [my sexy face, if it's on] or [hat, if it's on] or [nothing. it would be audio stream only]".

Aside'ish. I also want the moment my comp enters screensaver mode to go into [my sexy face (if on)] or [hat, if it's on]. Obviously screensaver would be detected by motion, so I need to account for that. Eh I'm back at using cool cc0-Pixabay pics as my desktop (randomly), and the "Decay" screensaver :-P. So when done hacking, I hit ctrl-alt-delete, the view jumps back to my hat cam, and the sexy image decays as I walk away.

I think I should use thresholds for "if there isn't a AND v for X seconds, cut it off right when the other (a OR v) stream ended and then make the rest a 1-stream media file. A few seconds of audio-only is fine, as is a few seconds of video only... but having 5 hours of black screen just because there was 10 seconds of a+v overlapping each other at the beginning? No. 5 minutes sound like a decent threshold tbh (enough to reboot and power back on or whatever).

I definitely want to implement this, but I think it should wait until after I've done fingers+am-selling-them-to-some-degree.


This idea came about because I'm ehhh pissed my new devbox setup for some reason refuses to let me have a second desktop on the S-Video cable, piece of shit (and my other gfx card hates is hated by this CPU (won't boot at all)). So I am considering doing "24 hour delay" of devbox screen caps (with a muxer sync of my sexy face and [hq] desktop cap (deriving mouse or motion or my sexy face to ONLY record when mouse or motion, but to record/mark the timestamps for when 'my sexy face' video should be used in the muxed result)). I'm not sure if I should skip that intermediate project and go for the bigger more generic one described above or what. I'm pissed I can't screencap atm because I wanted to cam the hacking done on the day I finally put the fingers on xD. FML.